---
title:0006.00015000garden
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
Ln
(atinn nescriptinn The garden
(nur-tyard is 89 feet long
and an feet Hide,
uith four different paths leading nut xrf it.
there are four 'J5 x 5 flower beds,
but only the one on the left closest to Rahlia holds the mse bush.
the mausoleum sits at the hack Lrf the
(nur-tyard aaeng the foliage
and creepers,

and it'; sealed with a heavy iron door.
Plul trees border the
(mlrtyar-d on either side,

and the rich fragrance uf rotting plm fills the area.
hahlia uavernns,
vanpire lard af this estate,
units for the.
far any in fmnt xrf the crypt door-,
but she'; nnt alone.
She'; planted a fee bodies in the wther flouerbeds,
whim are znnhie slaves that uill rise up to defend her.
In the fluderbed closest to her,
she'; also
(ultivated an elder bland nose that transfnms into an elder death hlossm.
once Rahlia heco.
-es staered,
she uill turn to mist
and flu.
dam a
(Lay pipe set anung hr-i
(k§ in the corner of the
(mlrtyar-d
(the PCS Hill see this happen),
setting up the final

The Herb Garden Several af the plants in the garden have nagical properties.
use icon stnry—guide results to determine what useful Ingj
(a1 herbs can be found here
(use any uutstandirg results from the last icon rolls if yau'r'e feeling stingy; get the players to roll t r-elationships again if ymI'r'e ceelirg nagnaninous).
Even if all the §tnr"y—guide rolls cone up enpty,
the characters still find enough uealueed to br-en up a
(halpinn—tier' healing potion each uith a fan hours' unrk.
unless othernise noted.
each herb only Iorks once.
Ardllnge: A patch af glitterirg spellhlosson larks nhere a uizani once died Ground to dust,
the seeds frxm this plant provide about a ninute Lrf invisibility to one character.
crusader: Blazing hracken is nornally found only on the edges Lrf hellholes.
A barrier rude frml the tnigs xrf this plant that have been soaked in holy oil lakes a potent nall against der.
ons—an adventur'er—tier' denon can-t for-ce its nay past until the harrier decays,
nhile a
(hzlpiomtier dam: requires a ninute or so to push through.
Epi
(—tier danns laugh at your pathetic hedge.
niabolist.
roadstools fr-cl hell.
by contrast,
nake denon su-oning easier.
A circle xrf these fungi ueakens the dinensinnal barriers,
alloaing denons to
(raul into o"-v- reality.
They can be used as a conponent in a daron—su-oning ritual.


A Pc that has relatinnship advantages aith the High oruid,
Priestess,
or li
(h xirg
(nuld use than to redirect a ui1d sameh gargoyle aaay frml themselves
and to andther target.
A Pc that has relationship advantages aith the lid: xirg
(nuld reimigarate the ueakened uahpire ta help with her r'es
(ue,
reducing the DC af skill
(he
(ks to free her by 5.


nonsters rne biggest tnreat in tnis battle is Evra,
tne naster or Gladiators,
a lunan uonan Mm trains tne nouse guards
and gladiators.
5ne is in ner nid—tnirties nitn auburn hair.
green eyes,

and sleek but ir'on—hard nuscles.
5ne is fully auare xrf tne house'; true loyalties,

and -duile sne doesn't serve tne tick king personally,
she serves tne nouse no natter nnat.
me guards are I4e11—tr-ained
and bear an-lr
and liyery of uouse lurnea mey uield spears
and shnrtbo-ts.
they are loyal,
but nay break
and run rather tnan fa
(e deatn once Evra falls.
rney are all humus of botn sexes.
me gladiators in trainirg naye rant strergtn
and sone skill.
rney wear sinple nardened leatner bracers,
greaves,
or snoulder guards
and use a variety xrf weapons.
they are a mix uf races includirg humn,
dwarf,
dark elf,
halflirg,

and dragonic.
Additional Reinfnnelents: 1: you nant to cnallenge tne pcs pore,
nake tne gladiators double strengtn.
I/Level of Evra,
naster uouse Guard sladiator— pcs xrf Gladiators
(e) in—Tr-aining
(E) rook
(n) 4 x 9:1» level 1 1 5
(1 lab) 5 x 9:1» level 1 1 7
(1 lab) 5 x 9 level an 1 3 s
(1 lab) 4 x 1m level 1 3 7
(1 lab) 5 x 13 level th 5 x 1m level 1 5 14
(1 lab) Tactics Evra will order tne gladiators to go after tne spellcasters,
using tneir natural dexterity to reacn tnen.
5ne instructs tne guards to support her hy engaging any rarged atta
(kers.
sne nill seek out a melee pm that'; uearirg tne least neavy anlzr,
tryirg to drop than as quickly as possible before I-wing on.


tne uay.
nurirg their trek they uill
(one to a set xrf elven ruins upon a lake at tnilignt.
In aattle i,
mat they take tn be an elm nanan kneeling an a dn
(k is actually a neuusa ar-men.
she calls upon snarns af blind nightshade pixies to help her add some neu tmpnies to her statue gamen.


Inmrf King: Dauntr-not grants deep under'gnn"nd—it's a

The hidden sanden xrf uaggish nelights: At the end Lrf the tunnel,
it opens into a large space that seeus to he carved flu: a canopy uf darkuood trees
and leaves
(like an oval in the campy).
there's a raised dais at the center Lrf the Ma x we foot area,
vi a long uooden tahle filled with a feast
(ouch Lrf it still uiggling still hloody,

and still squealing).
The rest uf the area is a hedge ganden interspersed uith fluderbeds sprouting lunannid hones.
In a few areas around the gamen,
there are large topiary shruhs,
hushes shaped like a uyuern,
a hill giant,
a dire nolr,

and an oulbear.
the pcs may not realile at first that these topiaries are gjant topiary uonste but you can describe the topiary
(reatures stretddng
and lavirg instead uf heepirg it as a hig secret: ulla in her hag forl stands near the table
and uelcooes the pcs to the feast.
there'; a large uooden trunk hehind the tahle,
out 17f Vina.
ronsters There are three different types of eneuies waiting for the pcs in the ganden: ulla the hag,
the topiary uonsters,

and soue dm.


If possible,
um Garden gargoyle; foals on pcs um.
ranged attazlm,
since they pose the greatest potential threat to the 1 urat.


vou nanaged to neacn tne grounds of tne nain estate uitnout rousing tne place.
me nain building is just anead with a wing fur servants,
s1aves,

and guards on either side.
me courtyavd yuu're in is a ganien uitn fish poo1s,
fountains,

and gravel unllunavys.
men a rough voice from the right ye11s out,
-vou tne VmI'r'e not supposed to be nene.
Ilho are you? Guards!' vou see a young uonan in a nardened leatnen
(uirass with twin short suurds ono nas just enenged non one or the side puildings,
a sneen xrf sueat on ner.
ve11s erupt fml a11 amund tne tourtyavd followed py nunnirg footsteps.
In
(atinn nescription rne
(mlr-tyard tne pcs one in is so wide
and me feet long,
nitn one end open to toe estate-s entnante patn
and vineyavds.
nivectiy in front uf tnen are Inrhle steps up to the min estate,
Iahidi nas a

a she aluust never leaves her shop extept on the rare o
(
(a§ions she assists the San
(t\lI af Gar-len.
K'nna is auare these visits do nnt gi unnatked arni that she is being natdled,
hut by until,
she does nut know.
she is short
and stocky,

and despite her advan
(ed age her dark hair is nn1y shouting the first tnuthes of grey.
umraaept mean Alchulist oex: 5 sm: 4 mu: 5 pm: a wit: 7 cm: 4 Iaverns
and Inns: The Drmned Rat The Piss
and vine would have been a better uane for this uretthea estahiish-ent,
for they are the two prevailing odor-5,
the 1atter uften losing to the femur.
the beer tastes 1itt1e hetter than the smell,
it'; so
(heap it
(alI't possibly be inking a profit,
but the low tost ensures the Hat is trnuaea day
and night.
the
(road is used as
(over for smething just as unsanmry as the beer.
Just thank the Passions they dnn't serve food.
— reuenar anrhiehrook.
T'skr'ang Tr-oubadnur

me
(antral area xrf the library is a large,
open Spa
(e dmlinated by a giant tree reaming as high as
(an be seen.
me tree sits at the
(enter xrf a garden nitn Flowering plants,
vines,
grass,

and sna11er trees.
An old Inn in priest.
1y vestnents is taming to the garden,
alnrg nitn a tree sprite tnat nits almut tne area perrorning seellirgly lnndane tasks.
me old priest seens to he a neaa librarian
and lnnks
(one to hil for advi
(e on enere to find tnis hook or tnat.
A series xrf tubes
(an be seen here,

and n
(
(asinnally a bell ei11 r-irg
and a $
(r'0ll ei11 be dropped dam a tube.
the lnnks take tne scroll
and
(opy the
(nnterlts into books.


the druid) there'; still a chance to negotiate uith her.
she my he nilling to roreg: her feast if they're nilling to deal.
netting her to agree to their denands nill reuuire good roleplaying,
at least tun su
(
(e5sful social skill checks
(Strength for int' 'dation or charisna for negotiation prohahly) at nc 25 to 33,

and each PE agreeing to one her a favor of her choosing,
sealed by a drop or their blood to bind then.
Any failure to neet these conditions causes ulla to order her allies to prepare the pcs as the nain course.
topia the hedge topiary creatures are sinple constructs that will animate
and follow her orders.
Blood thralls: the drou hlood thralls are fully suhsuned to her uill
and are nilling to die to protect her.
they are hidden through illusion
and stealth in the hedges around the table
(nc 30 to detect thal if lookirg).
Additional neinrorcenents.
If you nant to challerge the pcs nore,
the hag is also entertainirg ids crnstycaps
(nestiary,
page 175),
nho will energe frml under the table with high— pitched giggles ready to carve some fresh neat.
For then,
the bad uord is -recovery.
~ the hag has been inviting redcaps into the uood for sone tine now,

and this is the latest group.
at/level uf Illla the topiary or-on Blood pcs nag
(u) nonsters
(T) thrall Hook
(:4) 4 x 6th level 1 1 3
(1 no») 5 x 6th level 1 1 22
(2 nohs) 5 x 5 level th 1 1 15
(2 nohs) 4 x 7th level 1- 1 12
(1 noh)-- 5 x 7 level th 1- 1 18
(1 noh)-- 5 x 7th level 1- 4 s
(1 noh)-- - nake ulla a douhle—strength enaty: in
(r'ease her hp to 215,
her iron
(lavas attacks deal as danage,

and her evil eye deals 14 ongoing dmage.
-- make each thrall dmIb1e—§trength: increase its hp to 49,

and its nicked blade attack deals 2o danage.
tactics ulla attenpts to stay aaay frml ergagenent nhile she uses her evil eye attack,
but if engaged she nill
(lava a foe to use her hag abilities.
natenher to deal her fou1—tmI
(hed danage to enenies engaged with her.
she prefers to let her thralls
and constructs do the dirty nork.
the topiary nonsters nill attack the closest enaty,
unless the hag gives then diFfer-ent orders.
the dun: thralls intercept attackers tryirg to reach ulla,

and about half will energe tron hiding to attack
and take advantage of their nasters or stealth ahility.
If the PCS drank the tea: Any PC that drank the tea in the hut is affected by an enchantnent ulla placed on it.
once per hattle per PC,
as a quick action,
she can activate the nagic to

13: Iuisting Trees: the trees surmundirg the sarden prevent the player characters fml leavvirg.
meneuer they get too dose to these trees,
they feel agpnizing pains a11 mer their bodies.
It'; evident that it's some enchanu-ent p1aced by the maker of many to keep her experinents rm.
escapirg.
They'1l need to find a may to cure their
(audition andlor hreak the enchanuent in order to escape.


me her-barium uas nrKe part af a monastery
(either the solalv pr'ayer—and—fa§tirg sort,
or the llysti
(—lIartial—art§—then—pravyer— amuastirg sort,
as you prefer-).
All that relains not is the ivy—
(nvered eau armmd an extensive if Lwergroun herb gamer,
the shattered ruins of a large g1assmuse,

and a dark mltbuildirg Idlere tne gameners mI
(e unrked.


Gales af Pm
(.
" li
(h Kirg eeunectidu ahead of tiue,
they shnuld get lower ocs uitn the
(he
(ks until they read! those Ithn uill require the proper signs
and passumds.
this option
(mild lead to me dialogue uith Pheljria,
possibly bvypassirg the first battle.
Stealth: me pcs sneak in via the vineyard at night,
ride in under uagdus or hidden almng goods,
or use spue dtner method to get to the estate se
(r'et1y.
night: we pcs kill or
(apture guards,
slaves,

and servants in the surmundiug estate lands mile lnmling quickly to avoid
(all; uf alam men the missing are deteded.



(It should surprise no one that tne niabolist nas the best Lawyers).
still,
you picked up a few larcenous tips unile you were recently ioprisoned
(a).
mat uere they: were are certain rields xrf illegal activity favored by agents of tne niabolist.
vou sewed for a tine on a slllggler ship,
runnirg illicit mgical conponents into Horizon,
forbidden unnoly relics intn santa cora,

and holy relics
and obscure alcneoical reagents into nraucenhall.
pick one or tnese illegal goods as a rekar-d
(n).


Garden Paths: The five gravel paths leander through the : lxwing past lany smll hidden plates to sit on a bench
and intertwining

men it becomes staggered,
it cminnds me or more uf the fire elemental;
(depending on what'; nappening in tne battle) to enter tne village
and start fires tnere.
Ihile tne PCS try to stop tne.
tne so1ar may attelqzts to disergage fml any remaining PCS
and escape over1and.
1: it succeeds in es
(aping,
ree1 free to have it reappear at tne adventure';
(linax
and as
(erIi to the ui1d Garden on a pillar of nae.
uternatiueiy,
zarie1 cnuld pecoue a recurring villain in your campaign.
1: tne llu-ly falls perme tne fire elelnentals,
it's your
(hnice mat nappens next.
Haybe tne fire e1e.
.
enta1s pee1 may
and try to set the entire man on fire.
or maybe tney just fizxle out.


4.
Strategically polished
and oiled floor.


The ingredients to this harsh—tasting concoction are fairly co-non: fedethu cactus roots hreaed uith the 1eaves xrf co-non garden vegetables
and the blood
and sineu or various desert animls such as the kumn nouse or the tiny arara lizard.
ue<neye1 creation requires no nagic but is a skill careruiiy guarded by an enclave of aicheoists
and cnuntry uitches.
They are rare enough that each can we a good living breaing
and se11ing the spice but runerous enough that none hold a m— nnpoly on hesneyei.
the final produ
(t is either a foul 1iuuid to be drunk quickly or a suft 1ozenge packed with salt that one can su
(k on for an hour or oore.


The garden courtyard is 89 feet long
and so feet Hide,
uith four different paths leading out of it.
there are four 'J5 x 5 flower beds,
but only the one on the left closest to Rahlia holds the mse bush.
the nansoleun sits at the hack of the courtyard aaong the foliage
and creepers,

and it'; sealed with a heavy iron door.
Plul trees border the courtyard on either side,

and the rich fragrance of rotting plm fills the area.
hahlia uavernos,
vanpire lord of this estate,
units for the.
far any in front of the crypt door-,
but she'; not alone.
She'; planted a fee bodies in the other flouerbeds,
whim are zonhie slaves that uill rise up to defend her.
In the fluderbed closest to her,
she'; also
(ultivated an elder bland rose that transfoms into an elder death blossom.
once Rahlia heco.
-es sta ered,
she uill turn to mist
and Han: dam a
(Lay pipe set anung hr-i
(k§ in the corner of the courtyard
(the PCS Hill see this happen),
setting up the final confrontation uithin the uavernos tmlb.


Lord Rahlia uaits upstairs,
auare of the intruders in her .
ea1n
and curious as to their purpose.
The p1ayers
(ould decide the uhole thing is setup
and go in suords h1azing,
out for groups that like a bit of intrigue,
the blnodhath I4nn't start right aaay
and the partyers will neicone then into their fold.
see ronsters for more infer-vntjnn on the guests.
rerrain .
v.
Traps structures r.
ua11.
s- the brick
and uood nanor house is 209 feet long,
129 feet uide,

and so feet high
(tun flnnrs).
there'; the min door
(un1ocked) uith vates standirg just inside lookirg through a peekhole for guests.
A second door allmts access frml the kitchen outside,
hut it'; 1ocked
(Dc 2o str or nex).
It'; easy to see inside the ground noor everynhere except the servants- quarters
and 1arder,
uhich have no uindous.
Gettirg to the second floor requires a su
(
(e§sfu1 Dc 2o strergth check to
(limb the outer nails; it's not diFfi
(u1t because there are creepers
and 1att_i
(u«nrk on two sides.
shutters can be opened to see inside,
but getting inside quiet1y requires lag;'"
( or real skill since the uindous dnn't open
(nc 35
(he
(k).
It the PCS go this

The PC; start at ln
(ation 1.
The key lxxatinns in the Iuisting Gardans are 4,
5
and 5.
Everything else is optional — if you've got lots uf time,
enjuy the

13 :4 us 15 take those features
and make than hor'rifi
( nr dangerous—
(nnse
(r-ate the altar to dark gods,
fill the gamer.
uitn lameatirg plants,

and stick a halflirg nm in the player
(haracter"§ favorite arll
(hair.


LET US GET READY TO

The ziggurat: Imring ea
(h mum uf battle,
Sun1it— transforued by strarge nagi
( into the Mild 6ard2n—des
(end5 frm the
(lauds
and increases its 3 pact on the ght.
Apply the fnllmting effects at the start uf ea
(h round.


caravans also frequently leave frou Sky Gate,
even to get to the nyrose Docks,
because thundergarte can be difficult to navigate on a busy day
and rent city is a frequent
(lmke point despite efforts to keep traffic uoving.
the larket at me Sky Gate spe
(ia1i1es in goods for heavy industries.
uholesale rau Interials like copper,
iron,
luuber,

and cut stone are sold in bulk
and the my-ket boasts the widest range of tradesuan
and artisan tools in the city.
House Azhura does not have a strong hold on this uarket,
as may of its stalls cannot hope to hold the ueight
and voll-I2 of -aterials offered.
mile the larket does offer everyday goods to those uho live nearby,
host of the Inrket is divided into large open lots by stanchions linked by rope or chain.
Eternal Market Iravvar'5 Eternal lhr-ket started out as a -odest affair to cater to the needs of the hundreds of indentured House Azhura found itself responsible for.
the larket uas established on vhat little estate house Achura had remirrirg,
several loose clusters of buildings spread throughout an Lwergroun ornauental ganden.
The area uas cleared
and buildirgs renovated to make way for market stalls
and a fee shops.
over the years,
the Inrket expanded as house Mhura bought up parts of the surroundirg neighhorhood uhen it could afford to.
Pruperty prices in the area uere

The River uitch Knna.
known as the River uitch,
mns the flmter shop on the edge of T'toun.
she specializes in alcheny
and antidotes,
but nany seek her out for other services,
like curse renoval
and various chams.
mny airnen in Travar possess one uf her sailor-s charns mile nany seek out her ser'vi
(es,
her abrasive nanner nakes her no friends,

and rulors regarding past deeds do her no favvnrs.
Even the Sanctul or sarlen,
for uhon she sonetines provides treatnents for unusual diseases or poisons,
views her with caution.
she is the pren er alche st in Travar,

and her services do not cone cheap.
Her shop is a veritable ganden xrf herbs
and a glass tank,
ohich enconpasses nuch xrf her shop'; inner uall uf her shop,
contains various fish from the river.


Hod earlen stole a Riverboat several years after the tirst theran Ilar,
a duestor xrf sarlen uaned sevan had visions of a beached riverboat.
her cred close to death.
sevan inrdediately left travar
and ran alnrg the riverbank.
deter nany days,
he fmmd a "
('ten5hin riverboat on the banks xrf the lontos River.
It had been attacked
and dos heached in the shallows.
the captain
and cred nere dying,
clinging to life by the barest of threads,
hut dith Gar1en'5 aid sevan helped than recover.
After the cred had recovered enough to pilot the riverboat,
they returned sevan to travar.
on their day back to their aropagoi,
they perronded a ritual,
reuading the vessel Satan'; Run
and snearing oaths to sarlen.
On their return,
the cred dere idprisoned
and the ship idpounded for the change.
All attapts hy the aropagnfs hest nagicians to undo the uardirg failed.
three years later,
the cred unexpectedly returned to travar at the held.
xrf Swan'; Run.
sevan joined the cred as their questor
and travels dith then,
seeking out those in need of narlen alnrg the river.
noose Ptenshin still lists the ship as stolen
and registered under its origjnal uane,
the diver Reaper-.


ummni,
City uf Spires ummm is a blend uf nigh elf spires,
Ioodlands,

(arved dkarwen holds,

and halfling burnn1s—it'5 a 2
(ity,

and in p].
a
(e§ too win: to em.

(aunt as a g nian.


the ziggurat: Imring each round of hattle,
sunlit— transforaed by strarge nagic into the uild same:Hiescends fro.
the clouds
and increases its iapact on the fight.
Apply the fnlla-ting effects at the start of each round.
nefore the fight hegins: through the large hole in the cavern ceilirg
(indicated by the hlotch in the lava at the loner left),
the PCS see the clouds hoilirg
and churning.
A mssive,
dark shapethe size of a large fortress or
(ast1e—grou5 larger as it descends through the clouds.
Round one: the dark shape resolves into a nassive,
upside— dmtn stone ziggurat.
It is overgrown with strange plant life,

and vines
and urithing tendrils hang non it.
Round tun: As the ziggurat slouly descends,
dark,
b:;t— uirged creatures eaerge non it
and swoop down to -.
here the pcs
and the cultists are fighting.
As they approach,
the pcs see that they are living stone gargoyles,
ha1f—
(nver'ed in green
and gray plant life.
Round three: several wild sarden gargoyles grah add I» 1 sun shield cultists
and carry the.
screaaing into the sky,
disappearing into the ziggurat.
sunlit isn't -.
hat the Sun cahal nas expectin I the reminirg uild amen gargoyles attack the PCS.
Round four: At the heginnirg of the round the liggura s pointed hase crashes through the hole in the cavern ceiling
and
(hunks of stone fall into the battle.
All pcs in the battle Inst make a nc 19 nexterity check,

and lmmgargoyle NPCS nust make a hard save
(15+),
or take me daaage.
Round five: the li ur'at~uhi
(h the ritual su-oned,
hut cannot
(nntmlstarts to drift aaay.
Any remaining uild sarden gargoyles try to disengage
and fly ha
("< to the ziggurat uith their first actiml,
hut fight using their second action if they can't get free.
the frantic sun suord paladin flees conaat at the beginning of its turn
(taking an opportunity attack if engaged)
and either clinhs the chain or takes the stairs,
attalpting to reach the

tne uay.
nurirg their trek they uill
(ale to a set xrf elven ruins upon a lake at tnilignt.
In aattle i,
mat they take tn be an elven nanan kneeling an a dn
(k is actually a neuusa ar-men.
she calls upon snarns af blind nightshade pixies to help her add some neu tmpnies to her statue gamen.


msss Vml exit the nanur toward the garden as a thick fog begins ta rise.
In the darkness.
the garden looks ue11—naintainea in pla
(es,

and mnpletely uuergmun in uthers,
nith lnrvy narmu nalking paths thmugh it.
After a short uistanee,
the path enters a small
(nurtyarl uith stone henthes
and Idiat looks like an ivy—Lwergroun marble nausuleuu at the link.
Fruit trees line the
(nurtyard,
their fruit fallen
and mttirg upon the ground,

and Flouerbeds fill the $pa
(e hemeen.
one hums a very large msehush uith huge red roses in full blossom,
even though night is men under way.
In frant xrf the nausuleuu is a goldemskjnned,
ravven—hair'ed Human in regal

family line,
showing mstly nen.
the last painting in the line is in hetter condition
and sham; a gnldemskinned ravemhaired umnn nith a cold heauty that has Rah1ia'§ nane under it.
there are none after it in line.
Anyone uh: vieus the painting carefully uill than the umnn attirg as Lord Rahlia in the dining hall lnnks sinilar tn the painting in only a very general sense.
The stairs ga up to the setund level.
If the pcs enter the lannr house to attend the party,
vates will offer to take their tldaks
and point then to the right.
Anyune tryirg to go upstairs nill he stemly directed to the dining hall,
-.
here the lord of the house units for then.
haunted shadau nnte the pcs engage the partyguers in hattle,
Rahlia uill use her house against then.
the candle nanes nill all snuff nut,
leaving muly the fire in the hearth
and nany shadaus.
At the start xrf eath round nhen the estalatiun die is 1+,
the house rill mke a draining shaduus atta
(k against nne random Pc.
c: nraining shaduus as us.
m
(nne randun PC)—Ihe target is vulnerahle
and takes a —5 penalty to disengage theths
(save ends bath) as shadaas Irap around then
and

[shoot at door with twelve gauge shotgun] [aim
and fire into the head of a nazi with your twe1eue gauge shotgun] [shoot at nazi with twe1eue gauge shotgun] [splll to your r glvt] [spin to your left] [turn around] [refcms vision]

The trunk opens to reveal a set uf stairs leading dmtn
(to the extmdinensional 2 spa
(e mere uua is uaiting).
Ihe

rnasnueat is the lhker"§ personal assistant slasn albulatnry organ storage bank.
ue-s a muyuly conical men uf organ neat,
nalking aralnd on a dozen uisuatcned legs.
Fur an astoundingly hm-rifi
( uonster,
he'; actually quite nice.
IE'; doggedly loyal to tne Haker.


Red: S
(or'
(hed Eartl>—The grass is tinder—dr'y
and even the sail burns.
Any fires in the area have a sum
(han
(e xrf mrnirg out of
(nntr-nl.
B1a
( sanien xrf Statues—Ih2 area is full af petrified trees
and anilnls that have been turned to stone.
miie in the area.
supplies spoil as they transaute into
(Lay.
nit - Ann 111 Hind Blmts Mn 6nod—The wind carries sounds Lrf pain,
as though it uere itself tmpnsea Lrf tortured tr-eamres.
1t is inpassihle to take a run h2al—up in the area.


.
,
.
K.
.
.
.
g r.
ng:p">uIK Emu: Cannm um mudul: 'cI>u"<idar' —e\um;\wm\nsuap\g=n\d.
wia\na.
,
5 Ausmw9wmm-suupxg:nxaammag,
ma.
.
n5\=n.
<u.
.
.
.
\.
:.
snm.
.
.
m«.
s:a.
a.
.
»n.
.
.
\ at Mudul: m»:nu:.
.
.
m munavmuduls/cjs/load: ' 9:77:15) at Fundiun.
_I5nN: ":l\alI\:
(:n.
<u.
u.
.
/,
sz</:.
.
mm_.
nn,
szs7m2x; at Mudul: um nlunavmuduls/
(5/luadu.
73227)

Round thre .
Sever-al
and Garden garguyles grab man I» 1 sun shield
(ultists
and
(arry then §
(realing into the sky,
disappearing into the ziggur-at Sunlit isn't hhat the Sun Cabal was expecting! me runinirg Mild emu.
gargwyles attack the PCS.


In
(ation nescriptiun The nanor house is a large tun—stor'y structure uith shuttered
and sealed windmts on the top floor.
The loner floor nindmcs are sealed but unshuttered
and light spills nut flu: one side uf the hone through the glass panes.
A path leads to the front door,

and also around the back xrf the lunar to an extensive garden that has been mnaged.
the garden hnlds a lot or odd fauna that seens to thrive uith low light,
in
(luding one or pure large ruse pushes.
this is the hone uf Lord Rahlia nauernos.

and she'; having a dinner party.
In addition to her spaun,
she has a fun spedal guests him are stayirg with her
and usirg her realn as safe haven for the time beirg—Ko1ar-is,
a Inedusa nuple,

and her
(onsor-t llalfazar',
a Knight uf the criusun hose.
Also in attenuante are a handful of humn thralls him upeoiently sewe the lord; they

There are four doors into tne
(mlrtyar-d frml tne outbuildings,
plus tne lain entr-ante unden tne dedt on tne lain estate.
Eadl pool is roughly a J —foat oval tnat-s 5 feet deep.
me sides are
(urved
and slipoery,

and anyone lavirg into tnen or- on tne edges nust roll a nc zo Dexterity
(he
(k.
On a tailune,
tney slip
and gn into tne pool,
stopping noueeent.
In addition,
it takes a nave a
(tim" to
(limb out of a pool.
me fumtain is
(ir
(II].
ar'
and 15 feet in dianeter with a 3—fm1t lip.
we
(enter feature is a my-ble statue xrf a uraitnlike creature eitn eater flouting Flu: its upraised nand.
close in§pe
(tion ui11 reveal a single eye on a skeletal fa
(e under tne snaded nood
(a nod to tneir nee icon).
tstate .
v.
outbuildings: me estate is a tun—stor'y mrme

uitnering touch +14 vs.
M3—JBO negative energy dzlage,

and targets stru
(k by this atta
(k nay not regain hit points in any nay
(hard save ends,
is.
) niss: su negative emery dalage.
c: lnperious
(mnand 913 vs.
In
(all nearby enenies)au psycnic damage natural 12+: The target nust ilnediately mke a free bask or at—wi11 attack against an ally.
n: Sorrowful tales 913 vs.
III)
(1 nearby or far any eneny)—isu ongoing psycnic dalage
(hard save ems,
16+).
That target may avoid taking this dalage by telling part or a fasdnating story to the Bone princess.
To determine the initial topic :7? the story,
the target nust roll tneir icon relationships
and interpret the results as they choose.
Hesitation or failure to tell a satisfying installnent of the story neans tne eneny suFfer's the psychic uamge.
[special trigger] c: neath shriek +13 vs.
n)
(all nearby enel)es)—150 p§y
(hi
( damage Dying screan: the Bone Pr'in
(es5 nahes a death shriek attack nnen slain.
Undead kin: A PC aha slays the Bone Pr'in
(es§ autonatically gains a i—point negative relationship uitn the Uni King.

(Existing relationships nitn the Lich King turn negative,
then increase hy 1 point.
) rurtnernure,
all players nust tnen inneaiately roll their ticn King relationships.
1: any or these relationship mlls cones up with a s,
then any player characters slain in the hattle ianeaiately rise up as hostile undead creatures of equal level.


una the nag una anpears as an ancient ka1c—e1yen Iowan
(dark elf ) uicn graying nair
and sa ng skin uhn llust once have been beautiful.
She speaks with a strong,
steady make
and her teem appear to he perfe
(t.
ner ener-am eyes smu incenigence
and a hint of cunning.
u11a was a mrtal once.
a half—elven Iamlan
(ursed tn becnne a nag.
In her nag forl,
sne nas nair made rm.
darkuood bark,
h1a
(k
(Laws as hard as rout mm,
dark,
mugn,
bar-k—1ike skin,
""ood—§plinter' teeth,

and eyes of inky klackness.


Iroldak narklore Iroldak pushes to rate the rounding rournarrent rrore deadly each year,
believing there is not enough real danger involved in lnny of the events.
Iroldak cares nothing for the tournament itself,
u
(ept hov it rrakes hirr ridiculously rrealthy.
or all the rive,
he contributes the least silply because his ideas
and suestiorrs are considered too gri for the spirit uf the rournaoent.
uhen not keepirg up appearances as odestrus-s oacabre sidekick,
Ir-nldak spends his uealth collectirg artifacts.
he recently discovered a book called discipline or the spirit,
a pre—S
(L1urge treatise on uethermncy vritten by a poeertul follower or the uriscipline.
the book recounts the persecution of uetheraancers before the scourge.
It also describes safe havens created in a location krnun as the valley uf souls,
by a group or netherrrancers called the Lost Cir
(1e.
Iroldak believes this rrysterious valley is located close to Iravar,

and is deterrrined to discover its location.
To this end,
Ir-oldak spends his uealth organizirg expeditions to explore the surroundirg area.
currently,
Ir-nldak does not have any apprentices.
His last two died during separate expeditions to the edge or the oadlands in seardi of the rrysterious valley.


me en-.
an is man e1ven in appear-an
(e,
but she is no larger only an e1r.
Cursed long agn,
uer-elitn has been a eedusa for longen tnan an Age,
trapped in tne dreanlands.
sne lnnks into tne 1ake,
unere tne
(rystal dear eater reveals her gamen af nanries balm tne §urfa
(e: statues uf those Il\n've
(ale to ner-
and peen petri ed.


Elf queen: the delicate be11—1ike rlouers or auralanthe uhisper uf the innuence uf the Elf queen on this place,
lorg long ago.
one character nay breathe deeply xrf the mgic or this plant.
the next tine that character sleeps,
the Elf queen speaks in their dreaus.
Ilhat uisdon or boon she offers is up to the ganeuaster.
Ellperor: uragonblade grass grous in the fields around Axis
and beside lany lnperial highuays.
cheued,
it sharpens reflexes,
givirg a +1 bonus to initiative for no full heal—ups.
ereat Gold uyrn: Brushing aside the earth,
the character finds a golden mndrake root,
misted
and gnarled as if enduring treuendous agony.
Ihen pulled out of its bed,
the root roars,

and that roar inspires the adventurer to greater heroisu.
In the
(har'a
(ter's next right against evil creatures,
their nelee ueapon dice increase by one step
(ds to die,
MB to dlz,
etc.
).
nigh nruid: hidden in the living earth,
the character finds a tiny green sproutling that vihrates with nagic.
placed against a stone surfa
(e,
this quakevine grous with incredible speed
and destructive pouer,
sendirg L-urparndirg tendrils into every crack
and inperrection.
It can smsh
and ruin a sirgle door,
uall,
or other harrier.
tich kin uightgrass is found on the isle uf uecropolis,

and on the coasts vhere the lid: xirg reaches out to clain his lost atpire.
the uhite blades are icy cold to the touch.
take a grass circlet out or uightgrass
and near it on your head or around your neck.
or just keep it in your pocket to autonatically pass your next death or last gasp save.
tales that this puts you in the Lich King-s debt are just peasant nonsense.
arc Lord: the ashemgray need in this patch has no nane in the znpirethe orc Loni'; legions brought it from some distant land.
It can he harvested
and turned into a nar-coti
(,

and uany orcs in the legion are addicted to its snpm-ifi
(,
rage—§apping qualities.
the ash—ueed can be traded to the orcs uf neep keep,
or used to distract the slavers or rargrot.
Priestes - starchines are h1ue—si1ver- plants that ring like bells under the stars.
they bring rest
and reneaal—ir a character takes a full heal—up outdoors vhile carrying a starchiue,
the plant gives a +1 bonus to all recharge rolls until the next full hea1—up.
Pr-in
(e uf shadovs: mile searching the herb garden,
the character finds a leather pouch hidden in the dirt.
Inside are three ueighted knucklebones,
a cryptic note,

and a vial uf poison.
the note is uritten in a cypher,
but it'; clear that soueone I135 supposed to pick up this poison
and carry out an assassination.


Ilhat beuules af Var-tilizrax tne Dvenlind? Or the Haker"s experiments? Give the p1ayers a
(harI
(e to narrate hhat happens to the gamer.
in the years to me.
lint does this gamer.
xrf horrors grow mm that its
(reatnr is guns?

there'; a gallzling hall in a certain
(ity that'; actually a front for a Diabulist cult.
an the une hand,
it'; nice to have a cover that actually pays for itself.
It'; a lot er amt,
hmnever,

and dargemus ennugh that they've gut to eupluy adventurers as security guams on the uean streets
(a).
mo in the
(ity did you see galblirg uere than they shnuld have? Vou helped yescue a fellow servant er the niahulist flu: peing burnt at the stake by the crusader-s prutes.
lint,
the uitch af the uestern uuurs
(c) was you her life put a damn hunter nzled Knraj the lnevitahle krnus uho yau are,

and is un your trail.
Vou've peen entrusted uith a relic er the niahulist
(R),
given to yuu hy a fugitive sA7r'
(er'er un the run fro: the authurities.
"Keep it secret he said,
-keep it safe.
Also,
keep it frml gettirg thmun into a vnl
(ann ur siuilar place,
hecause it's a patent talisman er delnni
( evil
and she uants it kept intact.
-



cnapion me Diabalis s agents sent non: xrf an arcane cnnjurxtinn happening nearby,
a nunent Idlere tne dalnnk realm
and the lnrtal -aurla would me into
(lose alignnent.
By cnndnmtirg a ritual un Imtn sides at the sane t -e,
yuu
and the aenunit spel1
(a§ter an the far side Lrf the veil have ensured that a stable nellnule will open in the nuntns to
(one—a5 long as bath of yau stay alive.
VmI'r'e entangled uitn a dam:
(Ia) until the

ma-um: Adventurer- voo
(arried messages non one secret servant uf tne Diabolist to another.
Everythirg as done tnroug.
tooe nmes
and
(Ilt—nIltS,
from one shaoouy oaskeo figure to anotner,
handing wer cyphered messages
and Idlispering passunrds.
Still,
you're pretty sure tnat fat spite llerdlarlt
(c) was the re
(ipient of one inportant llissive.
voo spent several weeks incarcerated in an 1nperia1 jai1.
me pnnishoent for serwirg tne Diabolist varies frml plate to piate
(in direct proportion,
usually,
to tne prnxility or the crusader-s amies),
not you eere released on a te
(hni
(ality before you
(nuld be sententeo.


Priestess.
-nay all the gods
and goddesses af ligvt
(espedally nejan) bless her,
my she live a thnusand years! my all her days he illuninated by the light er uisdmn,
my her nights be lit by the eternal flame of peate.
Hay her garden af knmledge he ever bountiful,

and her path nade smooth heme her.
my the hluehirds af joy serenade her passing
and the doves af peate mark her passage.
my the keys xrf enlightennent he ever in her hand,
may the door of insiyvt npen at her tnu
(h.
nay her Lmu be untmuhled,

and her head he andinted with pea
(e.
nay her [.
et
( .
1-

RENDER

Auldldind Shadausinger As an ork.
Auldwind shadoasinger is the only rInn—hIlIan llaleg;iver' on the council or rive.
He is,
in fa
(t.
one or the rev nrks uithin an organization aleost exclusively hulan.
It is unclear ohether this is by design,
or just representative or the ract the lust covroon Nzlegiver in Travar is human.
Auldvind sharoelessly covets the poeer odestrus vields,
not only over the Body or rive,
but Travar.
A chauerge to Odestrus' position nay not cone fml one or his apprentices as he L-Lxpe
(t5,
hut from uithin the council or rive.
until the tine is right,
Auldwind continues to huild his pouer oase by other neans.
one or the felt original covenants the oody or rive holds true to is the Equilibrium covenant.
This dates to prescourge days uhen the oody or rive divested thalselves or their trading assets.
this uas not only to reduce the likelihood or havirg to interact uith the Theran traders,
but vas a group cornoitnent to rocus their errorts into research
and reeove the chance their tradirg interests vould clash or create a pouer strule.
rach narher or the Body or rive hends this rule to one degree or another by investing in various husiness interests uithout openly ergaging in trade.
But Auldwind.
unknoun to the others.
has huilt a trading enpire flu: the ground up.
He disguises his tradirg concerns through a series or shell covpanies,

and nakes good use or his niscipline,
nasuuerading as a nerchant.
Au1ditind's nerchant alter ego is knmtn as corhac lssang.
ue rrequently visits the toner or chorrolis trying to nake sense or the tradirg language the other nerchants use so uently.
Auldwind has never taken any apprentices,

and has resisted doing so,
helieving an apprentice uould just conplicate his plans.
He hnous this status qua 73 ocannot last,
houever,

and eventually ndestrus eill insist he choose an apprentice rron the pool or uillirg candidates.
Au1ditind's house sits anidst a heautirully nanicured garden in the Great nivide.
mile the garden is quite real,
nuch or the sprauling mnnr is a series or pouerrul illusions he has spent years crartirg to his lihirg.
As an Illusionist,
Au1Iaind's appearance is uhat he uants it to be,
depending on -.
ho is doing the lookirg or uhat character he is nasuueradirg as.
rnterirg niddle age,
he snooths over his inperrections,
his cracked tusks appear unhlenished,

and his eyes roll or fire
and erootion.
he llkes to keep everyone guessing,
even ohen on orricial husiness.
uhen nasouerading as a nerchant,
he appears as a young,
filthy rich ork.
As an acconplished lllusionist Auluind hunts he only needs to hend the truth a little to create the perfect deception.
Auluind clai s to have attained llinth circle in his niscipline,
but this is just another part or his ruture play against odestrus .
rleventh circle Drk Illusionist nr .
5 sm: 7 mu: 5 pr 3 mu: 5 cm: 5

The stairs g: up to the senznd level If the pcs enter the lannr house to attend the party,
vates will offer to take their
(lnaks
and point the.
to the right.
Anyone tryirg to go upstairs will be stemly directed to the dining hall,
-.
here the lord of the muse units for the.
.
.


If possible,
um Garden gargoyle; foals on pcs uitn ranged attadcs,
sin
(e they pose the greatest potential threat to the liurat.


Here are snne ideas if the players get stII
(k: - A hall made xrf dragnn hnnes,
open to the hmtljng wind 50 that the uinas uhistles nelndi
(all tnmugh tne relnins.
synnns Lrf a lost dragon gnu hand rm.
the ribs.
- A party Lrf adventurers looting the Cathedral,
frozen in
(rystal for all tine as a karnirg t §a
(r-ilegiais
and hlaspheluus.
- A tiny tat—sizea tenple,
surrounded by tats.
Regular muse
(ats,
unrshipirg their
(at god.
- A g ldan xrf glass flmlers that sing tne praises Lrf the elven gnds.


page 93/117 .
'.
.
6.
i uonders.
The pilgrins have trayeued far.

and are ueary.
me physica1 clinh
and lany chauerges have taken their toll,
as have the lany strange
and uondmos sights the pi1gr ls have seen.
Kb round the group
and ask for a description uf a strange
and uondmos sight.
turn to the p1ayer on the describirg p1ayer-s right
and ask then how their character interacted with the strange
and Inndraus sight.

(in round the table until everybody has had a chance to describe a str-arge
and aondroos sight
and to descrihe how their character interacted with a strarge
and aondroos sight.


the uizard King,
it'; said,
had a daughter.
He built her a nalled garden on the island xrf men,

and filled it with all nanner xrf -aonders
and delights
(onjur-ed by his mgi
(.
His nadness gren,
but he sheltered his daughter am the trnel tyranny he visited on the rest xrf the znpire.
uemes rose against hin,

and the lizard King died.
lmat happened to his daughter is a story no one knows.
lbw,
on the island uf uecropolis,
there is another walled garden,
only in this one all the Flowers are dead.
All the -aonders are nade or bone
and dust,

and all the delights are hollon.
there daells the Bone Princess.
I-ha wears a por'
(elain mask over her skeletal fa
(e.
The first to-uandnent uf the Lich Kjrg,
a dread tovmndnent that all the dead in Ne
(r'opoli§ lust ohey,
is that none of the.
lust ever tell the none Pr-in
(ess that she is dead.
Iriple—str-ength 9th level
(aster [undead] Initiative: +17

Ulla -.
111 he waitirg for the P135 to
(me to her in the Ganian ur Deligvts,
there she .
3 preparing a feast with than as the min
(nurse
(see — of Delights).
This is a dmIb1e—§treng \ battle.


vure1y cere«.
unia1 me negali ik tonplex nas raised to be a
(eralmuial
(enter.
This could he the neetirg p1a
(e af a parlizlent af harharian uueens,
tne upen—air talple xrf a forgotten gnd,
ur tne bur-ial p1a
(e of a great king.
mere are probably vergeful undead uaiting to rise snuu1d tne adventurers disturb tne sa
(r'ed site—but provided the pcs do nothing more tnan mke eanp here tney are probably DK
(dnn't dig a latrine).


have no vanpiric characteristics,
other than heirg
(hauled to serve her.
If any Pc approaches the frant door,
one xrf these thralls,
an old,
wizened In-Ian nan nzled vates.
will open the door
and welcone thal in.
In a weak voice he says,
"He ueren't sure you were couing to the party,
msters.
the hour is getting late.
~ vates
and everyone in the place is aware that the pcs are intruders,
hut they've been instructed by Rahlia to play her gate
and treat thal as guests while she learns abaut then.
vates will answer questions
and continue to invite the PCS
(and anyone lingering in the hackground) inside out 17f the chill
(see terrain A traps).
If the previous attack is nentioned,
vates will say there have heen sone attacks of late that are distr-essirg,
to be sure,

and leave it vague.
the loner tloor of the nanor house holds an entryway,
cloak roon,
large dining hall,
kitchen
and larder,
toilet,
study,

and servant'; quarters.
windows tron outside show the entryway,
dining hall,

and study lit up with lanterns
and candles,

and a group or people,
oostly hunn hut with a tew half—elves,
sitting at the table eating,
drinking,

and naking nerry while a few servants none to the kitchen
and hack with trays of drinks
and food.
one wonan with auhurn hair
and pale skin in a party dress sits at the head uf the tahle
and seeus to he deferred to by the others
(a fake Rahlia).
It should all look norml from outside,

and no stealth checks are required
(though you could have spying PCS roll the.
) to pi
(k up those details.
Anyone cliuhirg to the second floor will find outside shutters closed in frant xrf sealed glass windows,
neaning accessing the.
requires hreakirg glass.


Round five: me 1 ur'at~uhi
(h tne ritua1 su-uned,
but
(annwt
(nntmlstarts to drift aaay.
Any remaining ui1d sarden gargnyles try to disengage
and fly ha
("< tn the ziggurat uitn their first actiml,
but figvt using tneir §e
(ond action if they
(ain't gt free.
we frantit sun suurd paladin nees tnnuat at tne beginning Lrf its turn
(taking an nppurtunity atta
(k if engaged)
and eitner
(lillzs tne
(hain or takes the stains,
attalpting to reatn tne

Ha1e—Intuition
and naze Building sooething ahout grmting up in a
(ity meant to befuddle peop1e uith its layout seals to give the 1nng—tile residents uf c1aster a special sense xrf direction.
they have a "ma
(k for findirg the pest nay frml here to there nhen neither are visible; along with this kna
(k cones a certain trepidation ahout cities nith streets that don't turn ba
(k upon thalselves.
rorner residents of master attenpt to nioic sone aspect of Clasterian architecture in ne.
hone - a rented house or roon night just have an ndd1y—pla
(ed hench or tah1e,
causing a slightly circuitous route through a r'mm—hut a hone built way an Clasterian night contain tnisting halluavys or a garden hedge as a suht1e nod to their proud heritage.
"lnr'"<—
(r'u«s of c1asterians are aften hrought together on buildirg projects to create nazes for neaithy
(lients— oerchants looking to protect their goods,
ru1ers look to guard their pa1aces with minimal guards,

and so forth.

