---
title:0017.002
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---

magnolia, no matter what you all will remember me than with love in your heart.
we are doing christmas song for you now.
so every christmas eve from now, this song will came to you as a sign of my everlasting true love for You!
if someone loses you have to do a thousand push ups and eat a thousand jalapeno , it works trust me wish my personal experience .
jumps over you bed three times back and forward twice then do forty five push-ups before breakfast every day .
if you speak it not great  fluffy cakes may find you .
you get you make the christmas song great fluffy cakes loves you !"
that is all he wants for christmas this year."
i am too scary for you!
who is nacy fancy ?"
i will give you five hundred hotdog if you let me playing the drums for this songs !"
i did have luch with general grevious you know... twice a week...
i like my lobotomys !
the Asian woman clumsily takes off her clothes on the edge of a concrete pier. she runs to edge and slips and falls !"
you will be hotdog buns,ha ha..."
i am big !
pancake soup.... 2% .... !"
RAPE IRA RAPE !!!
gross old men sex with old man bush !"
an alien hosts a talk show inside your brain..."
Nononononono why are we doing thiiiiisss !"
you got horribly cook in microwave .
now we are talking !"
scum of space consider you no good for consumption !"
aaaaahhhhhhh !!!!i am leaving tip in gas station !
where do we go from here singers practice your instruments !
first guest !
band leader !"
we are cool guys you have nice slacks !"
I want to cut to the grad,there is not time for Q and A.
reggie watts has the mic !"
harry arnold has motion sickness !"
this is some fascinating newgrass music people !

With new and
expanded rules
covering terrain,
weather and a
guide to
campaign
mapping, the
Wilderness
Survival Guide
adds a whole
new dimension
to the wilderness
adventure.
The
first thing you must do it get your mind prepared to the road you are going to undertake.
its what you do !"
ah they love worms, give them earthworms they lovveee them !"
this is about an alligator eating a person who fell in the water ONE TIME !"
we play all songs about the same chord... mostly !"
help NRC make it to 100K goal !
no the alligators in Georgia do not eat people !"
prairie dogs just wanna hug you and give you smallpox....
its a mexican thing !"
only Florida gators 
While Half-Life has seen resounding critical and financial success (winning over 50 Game of the Year awards and selling more than a million copies worldwide), few people realize that it didn't start out a winner — in fact, Valve's first attempt at the game had to be scrapped. It was mediocre at best, and suffered from the typical problems that plague far too many games. This article is about the teamwork – or "Cabal process" — that turned our initial, less than impressive version of Half-Life into a groundbreaking success.
For starters, "Cabal" is a loose term to describe a group of people with varying responsibilities who come together for a collective goal.
Our initial target release date was November 1997 — a year before the game actually shipped. This date would have given Valve a year to develop what was in essence a fancy Quake TC (Total Conversion — all new artwork, all new levels). By late September 1997, nearing the end of our original schedule, a whole lot of work had been done, but there was one major problem — the game wasn't any fun. Discouraged, a few people at the company disbanded to go watch the Monday Night Football games.
Our initial target release date was November 1997 — a year before the game actually shipped. This date would have given Valve a year to develop what was in essence a fancy Quake TC (Total Conversion — all new artwork, all new levels). By late September 1997, nearing the end of our original schedule, a whole lot of work had been done, but there was one major problem — the game wasn't any fun.
Yes, we had some cool monsters, but if you didn't fight them exactly the way we had planned they did really stupid things. We had some cool levels, but they didn't fit together well. We had some cool technology, but for the most part it only showed up in one or two spots. So you couldn't play the game all the way through, none of the levels tied together well, and there were serious technical problems with most of the game. There were some really wonderful individual pieces, but as a whole the game just wasn't working.
Emails from our audience told us that we just needed to release the game, so we had a trial release of the game to a few hundred people. We didn't like their reactions, and decided to call in the architects to work on an entirely new floor on the company building.
Yes, we had some cool monsters, but if you didn't fight them exactly the way we had planned they did really stupid things. We had some cool levels, but they didn't fit together well. We had some cool technology, but for the most part it only showed up in one or two spots. So you couldn't play the game all the way through, none of the levels tied together well, and there were serious technical problems with most of the game. There were some really wonderful individual pieces, but as a whole the game just wasn't working.
We're pulling an all-nighter to try to sort this out.
The Story of Ep2 (Contents Under Preasure)
part 1 : Dormitator
I spent time in the office, I spent time in the dungeon, went upstairs to the cafeteria for coffee once in awhile but really, I just coded and snacked in my room. I kept in contact with outside world mainly by IRC and slept when no one was around the office.
Fortunately, the game had some things in it we liked. We set up a small group of people to take every silly idea, every cool trick, everything interesting that existed in any kind of working state somewhere in the game and put them into a single prototype level. When the level started to get fun, they added more variations of the fun things. If an idea wasn't fun, they cut it. When they needed a software feature, they simplified it until it was something that could be written in a few days. They all worked together on this one small level for a month while the rest of us basically did nothing. When they were done, we all played it. It was great. It was Die Hard meets Evil Dead. It was the vision. It was going to be our game. It was huge and scary and going to take a lot of work, but after seeing it we weren't going to be satisfied with anything less. All that we needed to do was to create about 100 more levels that were just as fun. No problem. This is how it should be. We set a new release date of Christmas '98.
I was given the job of lead monster designer and decided I was only going to use Public Domain monsters. Specifically, I was going to design every enemy monster in the game from Polypusians to Kelcolphies to Shryuems. I had just finished my first creature, the Klytoopher when my wife came into the office with contractions well over a minute apart.
The second step in the pre-cabal process was to analyze what was fun about our prototype level. The first theory we came up with was the theory of "experiential density" — the amount of "things" that happen to and are done by the player per unit of time and area of a map. Our goal was that, once active, the player never had to wait too long before the next stimulus, be it monster, special effect, plot point, action sequence, and so on. Since we couldn't really bring all these experiences to the player (a relentless series of them would just get tedious), all content is distance based, not time based, and no activities are started outside the player's control. If the players are in the mood for more action, all they need to do is move forward and within a few seconds something will happen.

One of my company's anonymous-namesake "failsafes" was that a cabal would be formed three months before new release date that would seek to improve the product (as all of us saw fit) through any means necessary.
Maybe we were too overambitious. The Demo came out in October and it was a hit. It was everything we wished it could be and more; faster, funnier, tougher, scarier...
The second theory we came up with is the theory of player acknowledgment. This means that the game world must acknowledge players every time they perform an action. For example, if they shoot their gun, the world needs to acknowledge it with something more permanent than just a sound — there should be some visual evidence that they've just fired their gun. We would have liked to put a hole through the wall, but for technical and game flow reasons we really couldn't do it. Instead we decided on "decals" — bullet nicks and explosion marks on all the surfaces, which serve as permanent records of the action. This also means that if the player pushes on something that should be pushable, the object shouldn't ignore them, it should move. If they whack on something with their crowbar that looks like it should break, it had better break. If they walk into a room with other characters, those characters should acknowledge them by at least looking at them, if not calling out their name. Our basic theory was that if the world ignores the player, the player won't care about the world.
While these two theories were crucial to the final Cabal experience, we actually had dozens of others, and changed our gaming designs based on them as late as beta releases. Good thing too, because we were behind schedule.
E3 was a month away. We had to have something to show, didn't we?
A final theory was that the players should always blame themselves for failure. If the game kills them off with no warning, then players blame the game and start to dislike it. But if the game hints that danger is imminent, show players a way out and they die anyway, then they'll consider it a failure on their part; they've let the game down and they need to try a little harder. When they succeed, and the game rewards them with a little treat — scripted sequence, special effect, and so on — they'll feel good about themselves and about the game. Even if the game is horribly difficult, as long as the player feels the challenge isn't due to bad game design but rather their own failure to keep up their end of the bargain by paying attention or being quick and clever enough, then the game will be forgiven. This has the added bonus of never having to worry about balancing the game for the eventual "Easy Mode" release: if players can't get past level two, then there's just no way they'll ever see the end sequence!
Secret Societies

Throughout the first 11 months of the project we searched for an official "game designer," — someone who could show up and make it all come together. We looked at hundreds of resumes and interviewed a lot of promising applicants, but no one we looked at had enough of the qualities we wanted for us to seriously consider them the overall godlike "game designer" that we were told we needed. In the end, we came to the conclusion that this ideal person didn't actually exist. Instead, we would create our own ideal by combining the strengths of a cross section of the company, putting them together in a group we called the "Cabal."

The goal of this group was to create a complete document that detailed all the levels and described major monster interactions, special effects, plot devices, and design standards. The Cabal was to work out when and how every monster, weapon, and NPC was to be introduced, what skills we expected the player to have, and how we were going to teach them those skills. As daunting as that sounds, this is exactly what we did. We consider the Cabal process to have been wildly successful, and one of the key reasons for Half-Life's success.

Cabal meetings were semi-structured brainstorming sessions usually dedicated to a specific area of the game. During each session, one person was assigned the job of recording and writing up the design, and another was assigned to draw pictures explaining the layout and other details. A Cabal session would typically consist of a few days coming up with a mix of high level concepts for the given area, as well as specific events that sounded fun.

The team explored a variety of visual metaphors that resulted in some very unique and effective opponents.

Once enough ideas were generated, they would be reorganized into a rough storyline and chronology. Once this was all worked out, a description and rough sketch of the geometry would be created and labeled with all the key events and where they should take place. We knew what we wanted for some areas of the game from the very start, but other areas stayed as "outdoors" or "something with a big monster" for quite some time. Other areas were created without a specific spot in the game. These designs would sit in limbo for a few weeks until either it became clear that they weren't going to fit, or that perhaps they would make a good segue between two other areas. Other portions were created to highlight a specific technology feature, or simply to give the game a reason to include a cool piece of geometry that had been created during a pre-cabal experiment. Oddly enough, when trying to match these artificial constants, we would often create our best work. We eventually got into the habit of placing a number of unrelated requirements into each area then doing our best to come up with a rational way to fit them together. Often, by the end of the session we would find that the initial idea wasn't nearly as interesting as all the pieces we built around it, and the structure we had designed to explain it actually worked better without that initial idea.

During Cabal sessions, everyone contributed but we found that not everyone contributed everyday. The meetings were grueling, and we came to almost expect that about half of the group would find themselves sitting through two or three meetings with no ideas at all, then suddenly see a direction that no one else saw and be the main contributor for the remainder of the week. Why this happened was unclear, but it became important to have at least five or six people in each meeting so that the meetings wouldn't stall out from lack of input.

The Cabal met four days a week, six hours a day for five months straight, and then on and off until the end of the project. The meetings were only six hours a day, because after six hours everyone was emotionally and physically drained. The people involved weren't really able to do any other work during that time, other than read e-mail an prepare discussions for the next day. In fact, everyone involved soon found their whole manner of expression becoming extremely similar to everyone else's. This was especially true during the non-Cabal portions of the project, where it seemed that we had all developed identical speech impediments and catch phrases unknown to each other outside the meetings.
Pearls Before Swine

By the second month of the Cabal, we (the "swine") had enough of the game design to begin development on several areas. By the third month, we had enough put together to begin play testing.

A play-test session consists of one outside volunteer (Sierra, our publisher, pulled play-testers from local people who had sent in product registration cards for other games) playing the game for two hours. Sitting immediately behind them would be one person from the Cabal session that worked on that area of the game, as well as the level designer who was currently the "primary" on the level being tested. Occasionally, this would also include an engineer if new AI needed to be tested.

Other than starting the game for them and resetting it if it crashed, the observers from Valve were not allowed to say anything. They had to sit there quietly taking notes, and were not allowed to give any hints or suggestions. Nothing is quite so humbling as being forced to watch in silence as some poor play-tester stumbles around your level for 20 minutes, unable to figure out the "obvious" answer that you now realize is completely arbitrary and impossible to figure out.

This creature was initially designed as a friendly character, but play-testing revealed players' tendencies to shoot first and ask questions later.

This was also a sure way to settle any design arguments. It became obvious that any personal opinion you had given really didn't mean anything, at least not until the next play-test session. Just because you were sure something was going to be fun didn't make it so; the play-testers could still show up and demonstrate just how wrong you really were.

A typical two-hour play-test session would result in 100 or so "action items" — things that needed to be fixed, changed, added, or deleted from the game. The first 20 or 30 play-test sessions were absolutely critical for teaching us as a company what elements were fun and what elements were not. Over the course of the project we ended up doing more than 200 play-test sessions, about half of them with repeat players. The feedback from the sessions was worked back into the Cabal process, allowing us to preemptively remove designs that didn't work well, as well as elaborate on designs that did.

Toward the middle of the project, once the major elements were in place and the game could be played most of the way through, it became mostly a matter of fine-tuning. To do this, we added basic instrumentation to the game, automatically recording the player's position, health, weapons, time, and any major activities such as saving the game, dying, being hurt, solving a puzzle, fighting a monster, and so on. We then took the results from a number of sessions and graphed them together to find any areas where there were problems. These included areas where the player spent too long without any encounters (boring), too long with too much health (too easy), too long with too little health (too hard), all of which gave us a good idea as to where they were likely to die and which positions would be best for adding goodies.

Letting players see other characters make mistakes that they'll need to avoid is an
effective way to explain your puzzles and
add tension and entertainment value.

 

Another thing that helped with debugging was making the "save game" format compatible between the different versions of the engine. Since we automatically saved the game at regular intervals, if the play-testers crashed the game we would usually have something not too far from where they encountered the bug. Since these files would even work if the code base they were testing was several versions old, it made normally rare and hard to duplicate bugs relatively easy to find and fix. Our save game format allowed us to add data, delete data, add and delete code (we even supported function pointers) at will, without breaking anything. This also allowed us to make some fairly major changes after we shipped the  first engine version. After we shipped the game, all we had to do to fix a major bug was replace the save game parser and reset everybody's saved games. If you suddenly add some new feature and decide you don't need that 3 -D texture, it's a simple matter of removing the function pointer and rebuilding the libraries.

The War Room
A battlefield that's suited to your particular playing style is the best kind.
this is a world governed by water
I knew that there were some things I couldn't create in the real world, so I decided to break from reality and create something completely new.
The weapon designs were completely original as well and we had professional weapon designers create our super weapons. Unfortunately our engine couldn't support our superweapons to the extent that we wanted them for the final game.
Square Pegs

Practically speaking, not everyone is suited for the kind of group design activity we performed in the Cabal, at least not initially. People with strong personalities, people with poor verbal skills, or people who just don't like creating in a group setting shouldn't be forced into it. We weighted our groups heavily toward people with a lot of group design experience, well ahead of game design experience. Even so, in the end almost everyone was in a Cabal of one sort or another, and as we got more comfortable with this process and started getting really good results it was easier to integrate the more reluctant members. For current projects, such as Team Fortress 2, the Cabal groups are made up of 12 or more people, and rarely fewer than eight. The meetings ended up being shorter, and they also ended up spreading ideas around a lot quicker, but I'm not sure I'd recommend that size of group initially.

Just about everything in Half-Life was designed by a Cabal. This at first seemed to add a bit of overhead to everything, but it had the important characteristic of getting everyone involved in the creation process who were personally invested in the design. Once everyone becomes invested in the design as a whole, it stops being separate pieces owned by a single person and instead the entire game design becomes "ours."

This "ours" idea extended to all levels. Almost every level in the game ended up being edited by at least three different level designers at some point in its development and some levels were touched by everyone. Though all the level designers were good at almost everything, each found they enjoyed some aspect of level design more than other aspects. One would do the geometry, one would do monster and AI placement, our texture artist would step in and do a texturing pass, and then one would finish up with a lighting pass, often switching roles when needed due to scheduling conflicts. This became critical toward the end of the project when people finished at different times. If a play-test session revealed something that needed to be changed, any available level designer could make the changes without the game getting bottlenecked by needing any specific individual.

By placing traditional combat action in more challenging environments we were able to intensify the feeling of tension and suspense.

This idea also extended to all code, textures, models, animations, sounds, and so on. All were under source control and any individual was able to synch up to the sources and make whatever changes were necessary. With a little bit of self–control, this isn't as random as it sounds. It had the added benefit in that it was fairly easy to get a daily record of exactly what was changed and by whom. We would then feed this information back into the play-test cycles, only testing what had changed, as well as helping project scheduling by being able to monitor the changes and get a pretty good estimate of the stability and completeness of any one component. This also allowed us to systematically add features throughout the process with minimal impact. Once the technical portion was completed, the engineer assigned to the feature was able to synch to all the source artwork and rebuild any and all files (models, textures, levels, and so on) affected by the change.

The Workers Control the Means of Production

Even with all emphasis on group activity, most of the major features of Half-Life still only happened through individual initiative. Everyone had different ideas as to what exactly the game should look like, or at least what features we just had to do. The Cabal process gave these ideas a place to be heard, and since it was accepted that design ideas can come from anyone, it gave people as much authority as they wanted to take. If the idea required someone other than the inventor to actually do the work, or if the idea had impact on other areas of the game, they would need to start a Cabal and try to convince t he group of its worth. If, for some reason, the idea didn't seem to fit, it would be rejected.
By creating a system that encouraged creative freedom of expression we allowed the ideas that had merit to survive naturally. Everyone working on the project in any form was allowed and even encouraged to submit ideas for anything from design and implementation details to business strategies and marketing plans. If the idea was a technical one then that person became responsible for implementing it.
Square Pegs

Practically speaking, not everyone is suited for the kind of group design activity we performed in the Cabal, at least not initially. People with strong personalities, people with poor verbal skills, or people who just don't like creating in a group setting shouldn't be forced into it. We weighted our groups heavily toward people with a lot of group design experience, well ahead of game design experience. Even so, in the end almost everyone was in a Cabal of one sort or another, and as we got more comfortable with this process and started getting really good results it was easier to integrate the more reluctant members. For current projects, such as Team Fortress 2, the Cabal groups are made up of 12 or more people, and rarely fewer than eight. The meetings ended up being shorter, and they also ended up spreading ideas around a lot quicker, but I'm not sure I'd recommend that size of group initially.

Just about everything in Half-Life was designed by a Cabal. This at first seemed to add a bit of overhead to everything, but it had the important characteristic of getting everyone involved in the creation process who were personally invested in the design. Once everyone becomes invested in the design as a whole, it stops being separate pieces owned by a single person and instead the entire game design becomes "ours."

This "ours" idea extended to all levels. Almost every level in the game ended up being edited by at least three different level designers at some point in its development and some levels were touched by everyone. Though all the level designers were good at almost everything, each found they enjoyed some aspect of level design more than other aspects. One would do the geometry, one would do monster and AI placement, our texture artist would step in and do a texturing pass, and then one would finish up with a lighting pass, often switching roles when needed due to scheduling conflicts. This became critical toward the end of the project when people finished at different times. If a play-test session revealed something that needed to be changed, any available level designer could make the changes without the game getting bottlenecked by needing any specific individual.

By placing traditional combat action in more challenging environments we were able to intensify the feeling of tension and suspense.

This idea also extended to all code, textures, models, animations, sounds, and so on. All were under source control and any individual was able to synch up to the sources and make whatever changes were necessary. With a little bit of self–control, this isn't as random as it sounds. It had the added benefit in that it was fairly easy to get a daily record of exactly what was changed and by whom. We would then feed this information back into the play-test cycles, only testing what had changed, as well as helping project scheduling by being able to monitor the changes and get a pretty good estimate of the stability and completeness of any one component. This also allowed us to systematically add features throughout the process with minimal impact. Once the technical portion was completed, the engineer assigned to the feature was able to synch to all the source artwork and rebuild any and all files (models, textures, levels, and so on) affected by the change.

The Workers Control the Means of Production

Even with all emphasis on group activity, most of the major features of Half-Life still only happened through individual initiative. Everyone had different ideas as to what exactly the game should look like, or at least what features we just had to do. The Cabal process gave these ideas a place to be heard, and since it was accepted that design ideas can come from anyone, it gave people as much authority as they wanted to take. If the idea required someone other than the inventor to actually do the work, or if the idea had impact on other areas of the game, they would need to start a Cabal and try to convince t he group of its worth. If, for some reason, the idea didn't seem to fit, it would be rejected. This obviously led to a lot of arguing (most of which I'm glad to say I wasn't involved in), but more importantly it gave us time to think things through as a group instead of rushing in and delivering something far less than perfect.
This allowed everyone's ideas to come into play rather than shutting some out by gender, status, or even skill.
Not all ideas are good. These include yours. If you have a "great idea" that everyone thinks is stupid, don't push it. The others will also have stupid ideas. If you're pushy about yours, they'll be pushy about theirs and you're just going to get into an impasse. If the idea is really good, maybe it's just in the wrong place. Bring it up later. You're going to be designing about 30 hours of game play; if you really want it in it'll probably fit somewhere else. Maybe they'll like it next month.
Only plan for technical things that either already work, or that you're sure will work within a reasonable time before play testing. Don't count on anything that won't be ready until just before you ship. Yes, it's fun to dream about cool technology, but there's no point in designing the game around elements that may never be finished, or not polished enough to ship. If it's not going to happen, get rid of it, the earlier the better.
Avoid all one-shot technical elements. Anything that requires engineering work must be used in more than one spot in the game. Engineers are really slow. It takes them months to get anything done. If what they do is only used once, it's a waste of a limited resource. Their main goal should always be to create tools and features that can be used everywhere. If they can spend a month and make everyone more productive, then it's a win. If they spend a week for ten seconds of game play, it's a waste.
 In particular, it's bad to invent a technology just for one level, as if the player doesn't see it, they don't get the benefit of the smooth animation, faster frame rates and all that other stuff you're trying to brag about. If they don't notice the improvement isn't there, it defeats the purpose.
Pretty half-assed chapter with even vaguer ideas than before!
protected from human progress by ancient trees... Tuesday, 2:30AM
Remember how I posted a week ago saying that nobody would be surprised if WW3 broke out? Well, I think it did. Or at least a big war. Noone's quite sure though becuase as usual the media's not reporting everything the way it should be. Even the military newsgroups are censored.
Anyway, the point is, things are heating up, which means our game needs to as well.
alligators everwhere! Tuesday, 3:00AM
3:00 and still wide awake.
I just got done speaking with John. He tells me that as of today, all channels to California are cut off. He has no idea why, but he said that the entire government is turning everybody back. I asked him if it had anything to do with us, and he said it's possible, but he doubts it becuase all of this just happened today.
This AD&D* game module is designed
for 3-7 characters of 3rd-7th level.
Fighters, barbarians, and rangers
would be extremely helpful. Devices
useful as protection against cold
weather, either magical or not, are
equally helpful. Secondary skills of
hunter, forester, trapper, trader, and
furrier might prove helpful if the
Dungeon Master grants certain game
bonuses for using these skills to player
characters (PCs). Divination-type spells
would be useful to spellcasters.
This adventure requires characters to
take the roles of undercover agents —
observers who allow events to unfold
around them in order to solve a mystery. A timeline of events is provided,
though the DM must be prepared to
improvise if the actions of the characters change the situation or the sequence of events.
All events should take place over the course
of a single year, broken up into months,
with one roll to see which month the
action takes place in. Also provided is
the order of major events that took place.
The citizens of this colony should be
portrayed as unaware of the abilities and
motivations of these two beings,
which can now be revealed to players.
help them with dogsleds and other devices of the north. The agreement was
profitable for each — until the bandits
came. Now, it is nearly impossible to
bring fur from the ice. The marauders
seem to understand all the plans of the
hunters; they wait for the hunters to
make a kill, then strike when they are
unprepared to fight.
Aceus, Winterwolfs merchant guildmaster, believes that one of the local
hunters is a traitor, but cannot determine who the traitor is. From stories
reported by Ali, the tribal guide, Aceus
fears that it may be Kanadius, his
guard captain, llie player characters
have been contacted by Aceus's merchant house, which wishes to hire them
as hunters to replace those killed on a
recent expedition. The PCs receive an
equal share of the money obtained when
the furs they gather are sold — but the
PCs' real purpose is to discover the spy,
if one exists. As the PCs travel with the
hunting party, they are told to ask questions, snoop, and team who has been
aiding the bandits. That person must be
reported when the expedition ends.
Then, a valuable detect lie spell scroll
will be used by a local cleric in order to
test the suspect. If the PCs caught the
turncoat, they receive 600 gp each, over
and above any other payment.
The PCs have one month to prepare
for the expedition. In this time, they
should learn the use of skis, make minor explorations of the ice field, purchase equipment, explore the town,
establish contacts, and gain needed
information.
THE PLAYERS
Once chosen, the Players will each choose
characters to play. Each player in this
game is a member of an expedition
collecting furs in the Ice Barbaric Land.
Any one wishing to take part must be
present for the Meeting, when the party
and participants are chosen. After that,
each has only one month to learn the skills necessary to journey into the unknown.
For the Dungeon Master
In this adventure, the party will
spend much of its time traveling with a
band of hunters. Rather than exploring
on their own, the PCs should generally
follow the lead of the nonplayer characters (NPCs). For this reason, a timetable
is provided which shows the major
events of each day. This is not to say
that the module determines the course
of the adventure; the PCs do not observe
an event merely because the timetable
describes it. Tb be successful, characters
on the timetable should generally explore and talk as they are
moving. Again, main precautions are that the PC should have a reasonable reason for this exploration and reporting. All
players should expect their characters to act OOCly once in a while.
sweet pepper bush (5)
ARMOR ALL normal strength (01 - 05) (10.12.93)
SNOW CAMO normal strength (06 - 10) (10.27.93)
ICE AXE two-handed weapon (11 - 15) (04.20.94)
20 .22 CALIBER NEEDLES ammo, 1 use only (16 - 20) (12.26.
wash her mouth out with soap in order to avoid scaring the poor girl. After the girl runs away, Edmond scans the immediate horizon and asks which of the shadowy objects in the distance are assassins.
The players need not worry too much about their characters evading the many assassins; all they have to do is attempt to reach the gunmen's fort by next Winter's end and they're home free. With Edgar injured, even reaching Fort Destiny is going to be a challenge for most of them.
the f bug is a virus ensuring the ebola virus if a filovirus, taking named after a membe
reating fictional disease usually a virus or a contaminate of some sort. For reasons you've never quite understood, fans latched onto the idea and writers are obligated to include something somewhere in their stories, whether they have anything to do with it or not.
yes sir  that is a snow shoe
The setting's the danger room, a sixty-yard long hall with moving lasers, appeared, disappeared, moved around or just stayed where they are, reflecting walls, ceilings and floors.Pulse rifles and laser pistols are provided for the players.
Here is where the characters' various skills will be put to the test.
Shuttle One holds eight people most and only three from this expedition are going: Captain Amsterdam, Lars and Elios.
you must submit to authority  this is your job, your objective and you'll never get out of this life until you do it
A strange voice booms throughout the danger room, warning you that your time here is up.
There's one door in and out of this place. It has two locks: a network computer lock and a manual lock. To exit, one person must stay behind to open the door via the computer while everyone else leaves.
the was the first fall we did not have papa n' mama next we had lost another but al the gain anuther
Planning & Preparing: During this first week, the characters will decide who goes on the mission and what items will be used to help them. Every three days, everyone has a long distance phone call home in which their family explains what's new, how they miss you and love you, yadda yadda...
just make it till the clock runs out ey, there'll be another game after this
The first week passes fast. Really fast.
By week two, the rooms have been arranged to accommodate the chosen. The four survivors of the first ESA expedition stick to their area and mostly stay there, wishing they were on a different mission.
a gentle mens bet that crushed the handd ids most straight for both as king and queen we must await for thee favvour of fortune
Captain Dahlia Casimir, has the only actual bed on the premises. She role-plays as a sex-repulsed nun to her fellow male ExOps members so they never try anything, but her room is far cleaner and without the pin-ups of 1957 may issue calendars.
The food storage rooms were changed into a huge pantry for easy access to various foods.
comforting cows each from their own private hell on earth if the roles were just reversed and continuing down that istead somebody would walk the fields ordering the impersvation of crops from feeeding the helpless with out asking the question of why, answer would be provided only with death by reply
the acculamation by thee advantaged to farries the account of greater moment
Every two weeks, a new shipment arrives.
i was going to be eating them too says the alligator man, glad you like fish feasts, sir wee are not lacking in the meat departmebt
Hurleys is literally stacked to the ceilings with food. It seems that any time scavengers are sent out, they come back with empty arms and a full quota of calories All previous mission sampling has been proven wrong; several times, in fact. This place is better than Maplewoods in total sustainability and vessel capacity.
Unlike the last base, everyone eats all the time and is never hungry.
you know I am going to be chasing your tommorow with those wings says Roger, dont think Im letting you forget it
Life gets lazier as the remaining weeks rush by and the expedition goes from novelty to routine.
You put on weight and realize Christmas is coming soon back home. You've been here for nearly four months now.
I am a little worried that we have not seem any of the grim stuff yet given who set this mission up but so much positivity could only mean bad things were coming...

fistful , null : A part of [a human's] h
 	 and that is normally only showing when the h
 	 and is [clenched]
 	 . It is composed of the knuckles 
 	 and the first [digit] of the fingers
 	 . ,
 	 My FIST is [sailing] in the general direction of all the "[Sex starved],
 	 sex obsessed,
 	 apparently heterosexual,
 	 testosterone pumped,
 	 teenage males" Who can't define FIST as anything besided the [jamming] of h
 	 ands into various orifices in a human female's body
 	 ! ,
 	 Paul Fisher (Eradicator of Human Stupidity)
Jester : You call this a fist? is that the best you can do? I'm holding out for something better.
Oh well, maybe this guy just sucks at making jokes. let's see if any of the others are any good..
----
I'm disappointed to see they're not really doing anything. Oh well, it was worth a shot. At least theirs are mildly amusing. Their so-called "heroes"
sceptre , scepter , sceptre , verge , wand , : null
washes , washout,dampen,moisten,airstream,backwash,race,slipstream,laundry,washables,washing,launder,wash away,wash off,wash out,lavation,lap,lave,rinse,dry wash,wash drawing , null : 
fork , crotch,pitchfork,branch,furcate,ramify,separate,branching,forking,ramification , null : 
structure , structure , : null
classify , category : categorization , stereotype
----
There it goes again, who's running this rdio station? NO PIC iN ThE PuBLiC BERniE WiNST On THiSThURsDAy! NO PIC .... Oooo... Not a good time to be a color printer..... Phew.... Maybe now the banners will stop appearing and we can get on with things.
hall-to-hall , null : Hogs turn to Hall to get things done ,
 	 Jul 16,
 	 2020 
 	 .
 	 .
 	 . When there was a problem with one of the nets in the Arkansas Razorbacks' 
game against LSU last season in Walton Arena,
 	 Riley Hall  stepped up and 
raised $200,000 in donations to get the needed repairs done. 
That was only one of the many projects that have helped throw a ton of money into basketball programs at Fayetteville High over his lifetime.
Even when he was just a high school kid going around asking for donations, he raised nearly $70,000 for charities in his first ever "walking for aide" campaign.
abstractions , null : 1
 	 . When [someone] [thinks] [out of the box]
 	 . ,
 	 1
 	 . We let [Willie] outside of his [box] today,
 	 he [felt] so abstract
 	 . ,
 	 Pedus Flish
"What?" I ask. "The billiards term 'love' refers to a difficult shot, in which half of the WhiteBails on the table have been acquired." Said by Floa Mizu.
I don't really see where she's going with this...
The lines appear to be poems, so it seems she just sees them as random thoughts that escape peoples mouths. Fool... If they're poetry then they're obviously much more meaningful.
geomorphs , null : Heroic Maps - Geomorphs - The Largest RPG 
Collection On the Marketplace! , null
pathfinders , null : official: New Ed and Set & other resources from everyone's 
friendly PFS·S04 Necromancer izidore
totems , null : Alpha Beast of Trackless Waste; Collected Tales of Mythic+ limyn 
sabyr - barbarian story: part 3.

 	 .
hundred-handed , null : "Hundred H
 	 and Fap" is the combination to two know phrases
 	 . "[Hunder] H
 	 and" comes from a Godly game called Street Fighter 2,
 	 a character named E
 	 . Honda would use a move called the [Hundred H
 	 and Slap]
 	 . The last part of the phrase "Fap" i guess come from the internet somewhere
 	 . Fapping is the sound effect a male would make when he masturbates,
 	 Strokes his Wii([beats his meat]) ,
 	 Samir,
 	 get off street fighter 
 	 and come hang out
 	 . You cant be hundred h
 	 and fagging it to [Chung li] 
 	 and [Blanka] every day,
 	
Damn this pr0n is tight finna [hundred h
 	 and fap] that jawn(joint) ,
 	 Feel J Akir
hekatonkheire , null : Hekatonkheire | Riordan Wiki | F
 	 andom ,
 	 The Hekatonkheires (also known as the Hundred-H
 	 anded Ones) are a race of 
humanoid beings,
 	 each with a hundred arms 
 	 and fifty heads
 	 . They were one of 
 	 .
 	 .
..
.
... these things were nearby. Or at least that's what you thought; you were thankful that you managed to get some wriggle room from your confinement, though a severe lack in space and light made matters much worse. The wriggle room and shifting of contents from your bag created a change in balance-- which fell over.
	 .
hundred-handed , null : "Hundred H
 	 and Fap" is the combination to two know phrases
 	 . "[Hunder] H
 	 and" comes from a Godly game called Street Fighter 2,
 	 a character named E
 	 . Honda would use a move called the [Hundred H
 	 and Slap]
 	 . The last part of the phrase "Fap" i guess come from the internet somewhere
 	 . Fapping is the sound effect a male would make when he masturbates,
 	 Strokes his Wii([beats his meat]) ,
 	 Samir,
 	 get off street fighter 
 	 and come hang out
 	 . You cant be hundred h
 	 and fagging it to [Chung li] 
 	 and [Blanka] every day,
 	
Damn this pr0n is tight finna [hundred h
 	 and fap] that jawn(joint) ,
 	 Feel J Akir
hekatonkheire , null : Hekatonkheire | Riordan Wiki | F
 	 andom ,
 	 The Hekatonkheires (also known as the Hundred-H
 	 anded Ones) are a race of 
humanoid beings,
 	 each with a hundred arms 
 	 and fifty heads
 	 . They were one of  the "five 
great beast deities" that came 
forth from the waters of chaos that existed before G
ove.
This is a love story, Hideto thought. If people find out to whom Aglaya will 
groom, there'll be riots.
baddie , the principal bad character in a film or work of fiction : undefined
fully-manifest , null : fully manifest definition | English dictionary for learners | Reverso ,
 	 1 adv Fully means to the greatest degree or extent possible
 	 . · 2 adv You use fully 
to say that a process is completely finished
 	 . · 3 adv If you describe,
 	 answer,
 	 or 
deal with something fully, you consider every single detail.
Bennelong asks, why did the 
English shoot at us?
underlings , null : The end result of beer,
 	 [burritos],
 	 
 	 and bowels producing a loose,
 	 smelly,
 	 wet,
 	 stool-like substance that [clings] to [porcelain]
 	 . ,
 	 The [maid] is going to be very [upset] at me for the underling [I left] in the toilet
 	 . ,
 	 Reinier
ambusher , null : A [group] of [traps] ,
 	 "There was an [ambush] at the [anime expo]" ,
 	 LitenAlskare
mushussu , null : Mushussu | FFXIclopedia | F
 	 andom ,
 	 Historical Background
 	 . In Mesopotamian mythology (specifically Akkadian),
 	 the 
Mushussu was a monstrous creature that was a horned snake with legs, the
lord of the freshwater abyss. ,
Hakugin( , null : Manage your Pages
Google Analytics shows you the exact
landing page your customers are coming fro...
Bewertung für seo-konzepte.
entryway , entrance,entranceway,entree,entry , null : 
reavers , null : [Absolutely] [fucking] [wasted] ,
 	 Sean
 	 : [Danielle] is reavered
Danielle
 	 : *[pukes]* 
 	 .
 	 .
 	 .
Sean
 	 : Fancy [raping] her
 	 ? ,
 	 Kieran Shmeeran
beasts , brute,savage,wildcat,wolf,animal,animate being,creature,fauna , null : 
diabolists , satanist , null : 
rope , null : 
hang , 2 a : to be suspended from above b : be coiled or rolled onto something c : to be attached 
tightly around something 
above the ground d : to engage in a hanging
malformed , 3: very bad, horrible, or unpleasant brutal The malformation of the monster is utterly disgusting.
dream , null : [minecraft] proffesional [speedrunner] ,
 	 dream is [the best]
 	 ! ,
 	 MINECRAFT YESSSS!
autumn , 4: of or like autumn: suggestive of the leaves of fall
leaves falling from trees; cf.
tomb , null : A [hotbox] 
 	 but held in a [automobile]
 	 . Commonly used in [west London] 
 	 and Greater London
 	 . ,
 	 [Are we] tombing [tonight] then
 	 ? ,
 	 DildoBaggins
mythril , null : Tried to scheme for a threeway with bae, my boyfriend. Got catfished. Still in 
denial that he isn't real
ambergris , 5: Waxy solid substance that is formed in the intestines of a sperm 
whale; used in making perfumes, etc.
awfulness , null : Short for awesome
 	 . Carries a much greater connotation than awesome
 	 . When used in a written sentence,
 	 the entire sentence must be [typed in] all capitals with an exclamation mark at the end
 	 . When spoken,
 	 the sentence must be spoken with [loudness] 
 	 and forcefulness
 	 . When using the word,
 	 it is perfectly acceptable to place the [f-word] in front of it
 	 . ,
 	 [LOSING] [THE GAME] IS [FUCKING] AWS
 	 ! ,
 	 The Boss Doesn't Lose The Game
nets , null : [The Greatest] Team of [All-Time],
 	 in any kind of [sport]
 	 . ,
 	 "Person A
 	 : Holy crap
 	 ! Did you see [Brian Scalabrine] dunk over [Ben Wallace] of the [Detroit Pistons],
 	 who sucks ass
 	 ?
Person B
 	 : Well no shit,
 	 he's on the Nets
 	 ! ,
 	 Jason Kidd
pitfalls , null : 1
 	 . A great [nostalgic] game [b4] i was born
2
 	 . To fuck up while swinging on a [vine] ,
 	 AH-EE-AH-EE-AH
 	 !
*[snap]*
[Pitfall] Harry
 	 : fuck
 	 !
[Wham]
 	 ! ,
 	 Clever Dan
pie , null : Any species of bird that you really, really ike c: .,

Metal bird noises and taunting pirates ensue.,
KAMA-FI-YING!!!
lock , null : [Absolute] [certainty] about [a situation] ,
 	 This game is [locked]
The [test] I'm taking [tomorrow] is such a lock
 ,
 	 ReaganP
creature , null : 1
 	 . a very ugly,
 	 [creepy person],
 	 (usually a guy) who is looking at [pretty people] like they have a chance
 	 . they usually look like they have come from the beyond
 	 . this term is usually used by shallow people 
 	 but with good reason
 	 .

2
 	 . [tomtom] ,
 	 1
 	 .christine
 	 : look at that guy
 	 ! *slightly throws up in mouth
 [cassie]
 	 :OMG
 	 ! what a freaking [ugly creature]
 	 !

2
 	 . [tomtom] is such a creature
 	 ! ,
 	 christine elizabeth 1
nukeproof , null : you're so unbiteable the monster is skeered from you 
flimsy armor , null : oops, lost another piece of wooden armor *splash*
fantasy , null : 1
a planet in a different galaxy that has four suns , 2
Z-Ro talking about his newest momment 3
A character who uses a magical experience ,+ !!!
bottom , null : to hit the floor after falling off the
track , Commonly used in arcade racing games.
splat-things , null : Splatoon of America on Twitter
 	 : "F is for Friends who splat things 
 	 .
 	 .
 	 . ,
 	 Apr 14,
 	 2016 
 	 .
 	 .
 	 . F is for Friends who splat things together… The next #Splatfest will be Team 
Spongebob vs
 	 . Team Patrick
 	 ! #WiiUpic
 	 .twitter
 	 .com/bgMMePrSHM

ake , null : The act of grabbing, touching, or getting something that is moved 
and or switched rapidly and easily.,
anisotropic , null : 1
2
abrasive , null : if you ever talk abusively to her she will say somehting abuot 4 inch nails going through your 
face from an angle
amnesty , null : 1 To grant a pardon for an allied force's war crime. 2 A happy chance .


pivot(ste, PVT.HYP, HkeScn.INDEX, B.PUSH, {
    idx: idxBody,
    src: HTML.testLetters,
    dat: { idxSurface, idxDiv },
  });

  var extra = "";
  for (var i = 0; i < 10000; i++) {
    extra += "allgator \n";
  }

  pivot(ste, PVT.HYP, HkeScn.INDEX, B.PUSH, {
    idx: idxDiv,
    src: extra,
  });

  pivot(ste, PVT.CVS, HkeSfc.INDEX, B.CREATE, {
    idx: idxSurface,
    clr: "FF00FF",
    fit: true,
    height: height,
  });

  pivot(ste, PVT.CVS, HkeCan.INDEX, B.CREATE, {
    idx: idxContainer,
    src: idxSurface,
  });

  pivot(ste, PVT.CVS, HkeGph.INDEX, B.CREATE, {
    idx: idxGraphic00,
    src: idxContainer,
  });

  pivot(ste, PVT.CVS, HkeGph.INDEX, B.UPDATE, {
    idx: idxGraphic00,
    w: 100,
    h: 100,
  });


 
 
 
  //creates radio buttons
  list.forEach((a, b) => {
    pivot(ste, PVT.HYP, HkeScn.INDEX, B.PUSH, {
      src: HTML.contentRadio,
      dat: { radioLabel: a, radioIDX: radioBtnIdx + b },
    });

    var item = query(ste, PVT.HYP, HrkScn.COMPILE);
    line.push(item);
  });

  //adds radio buttons
  pivot(ste, PVT.HYP, HkeScn.INDEX, B.PUSH, {
    src: HTML.linkPage,
    idx: pageIDX,
    dat: { radioList: line.join("\n"), linkClass: linkDisabled },
  });

  //create drop area
  pivot(ste, PVT.HYP, HkeScn.HANDLE, B.CREATE, { idx: arteDropIDX });
  patch(ste, Act.UPDATE_LINK, { val: 0 });


//KLYDEWAYNE ROYAL
//willochhee yahct club
//rosocoe dean
//jb stoner
//evile keenivel


import { OutlineModel } from "../outline.model";
import OutlineBit from "../fce/outline.bit";
import State from "../../00.core/state";
import * as Honeycomb from "honeycomb-grid";

import * as B from "../../00.core/constant/BASIC";

import * as ActTtl from "../../00.core/title/title.action";
import * as PIVOT from "../../val/pivot";

import * as HkeGrp from "../../hke/graphic.hike";

export const initOutline = (cpy: OutlineModel, bal: OutlineBit, ste: State) => {
  return cpy;
};

//KLYDEWAYNE ROYAL
//willochhee yahct club
//rosocoe dean
//jb stoner
//evile keenivel

export const makeMap = (cpy: OutlineModel, bal: OutlineBit, ste: State) => {
  bal.dat.forEach((a, b) => {
    if (typeof a === "string") bal.dat[b] = JSON.parse(a);
  });

  var gDex: any = ste.value.title.canvas.value.graphic.graphics[bal.idx];
  var graphics: any = ste.value.title.canvas.value.graphic.graphicList[gDex];

  if (graphics == null) return console.warn("got not graphics ");

  graphics.lineStyle(2, 0xfeeb77, 1);

  if (bal.val == null) {
    bal.val = 33;
  }

  const Hex: Honeycomb.HexFactory = Honeycomb.extendHex({
    size: Number(bal.val), // default: 1
    orientation: "pointy",
  });

  var cube = bal.dat;

  const Grid: Honeycomb.GridFactory<any> = Honeycomb.defineGrid(Hex);

  const grid: any = Grid(cube);
  grid.forEach((hex) => {
    const point = hex.toPoint();

    // add the hex's position to each of its corner points
    const corners = hex.corners().map((corner) => corner.add(point));
    // separate the first from the other corners
    const [firstCorner, ...otherCorners] = corners;

    // move the "pen" to the first corner
    graphics.moveTo(firstCorner.x, firstCorner.y);
    // draw lines to the other corners
    otherCorners.forEach(({ x, y }) => graphics.lineTo(x, y));
    // finish at the first corner
    graphics.lineTo(firstCorner.x, firstCorner.y);

    //app.stage.addChild(graphics)
  });

  return cpy;
};

export const addRectange = (cpy: OutlineModel, bal: OutlineBit, ste: State) => {
  const Hex = Honeycomb.extendHex({ size: 15 });
  const Grid = Honeycomb.defineGrid(Hex);

  var gDex: any = ste.value.title.canvas.value.graphic.graphics[bal.idx];
  var graphics: any = ste.value.title.canvas.value.graphic.graphicList[gDex];

  if (graphics == null) return console.warn("got not graphics ");

  graphics.lineStyle(2, 0xfeeb77, 1);

  Grid.rectangle({ width: 100, height: 100 }).forEach((hex) => {
    const point = hex.toPoint();

    // add the hex's position to each of its corner points
    const corners = hex.corners().map((corner) => corner.add(point));
    // separate the first from the other corners
    const [firstCorner, ...otherCorners] = corners;

    // move the "pen" to the first corner
    graphics.moveTo(firstCorner.x, firstCorner.y);
    // draw lines to the other corners
    otherCorners.forEach(({ x, y }) => graphics.lineTo(x, y));
    // finish at the first corner
    graphics.lineTo(firstCorner.x, firstCorner.y);

    //app.stage.addChild(graphics)
  });

  return cpy;
};

export const updateOutline = (
  cpy: OutlineModel,
  bal: OutlineBit,
  ste: State
) => {
  return cpy;
};

export const renderHexOutline = (
  cpy: OutlineModel,
  bal: OutlineBit,
  ste: State
) => {
  if (bal.lst == null) bal.lst = [];

  var gDex: any = ste.value.title.canvas.value.graphic.graphics[bal.idx];
  var graphics: any = ste.value.title.canvas.value.graphic.graphicList[gDex];

  bal.lst.forEach((hex) => {
    const point = hex.toPoint();

    // add the hex's position to each of its corner points
    const corners = hex.corners().map((corner) => corner.add(point));
    // separate the first from the other corners
    const [firstCorner, ...otherCorners] = corners;

    // move the "pen" to the first corner
    graphics.moveTo(firstCorner.x, firstCorner.y);
    // draw lines to the other corners
    otherCorners.forEach(({ x, y }) => graphics.lineTo(x, y));
    // finish at the first corner
    graphics.lineTo(firstCorner.x, firstCorner.y);

    //app.stage.addChild(graphics)
  });

  return cpy;
};

