---
title: 0019.000gardentitle
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---

Rahlia Navernos,
vampire lord of this estate,
waits for them far away in front of the crypt door,
but she's not alone.
She's planted a few bodies in the other flowerbeds,
which are zombie slaves that will rise up to defend her.
In the flowerbed closest to her,
she's also cultivated an elder blood rose that transforms into an elder death blossom.
Once Rahlia becomes staggered,
she will turn to mist
and Flow down a clay pipe set among bricks in the corner of the courtyard
(the PCs will see this happen),
setting up the final

caravans also frequently leave from Sky Gate,
even to get to the Byrose Docks,
because Thundergate can be difficult to navigate on a busy day
and Tent City is a frequent choke point despite efforts to keep traffic moving.
The market at :che Sky Gate specializes in goods for heavy industries.
wholesale raw materials like copper,
iron,
lumber,

and cut stone are sold in bulk
and the market boasts the widest range of tradesman
and artisan tools in the city.
House Achura does not have a strong hold on this market,
as many of its stalls cannot hope to hold the weight
and volume of materials offered.
while the market does offer everyday goods to those who live nearby,
most of the market is divided into large open lots by stanchions linked by rope or chain.
Eternal Market Travar's Eternal Market started out as a modest affair to cater to the needs of 'the hundreds of indentured House Achura found itself responsible for.
The market was established on what little estate House Achura had remaining,
several loose clusters of buildings spread throughout an overgrown ornamental garden.
The area was cleared
and buildings renovated to make way for market stalls
and a few shops.
Over the years,
the market expanded as House Achura bought up parts of the surrounding neighborhood when it could afford to.
Property prices in the area were

The central area of the library is a large,
open space dominated by a giant tree reaching as high as can be seen.
The tree sits at the center of a garden with flowering plants,
vines,
grass,

and smaller trees.
An old man in priestly vestments is tending to the garden,
along with a tree sprite that flits about the area performing seemingly mundane tasks.
The old priest seems to be a head librarian
and monks come to him for advice on where to find this book or that.
A series of tubes can be seen here,

and occasionally a bell will ring
and a scroll will be dropped down a tube.
The monks take the scroll
and copy the contents into books.


Round three: Several Wild Garden gargoyles grab 1d4 + 4 sun shield cultists
and carry them screaming into the sky,
disappearing into the ziggurat.
Sunlit isn't what the Sun Cabal was expecting! The remaining Wild Garden gargoyles attack the PCs.


Priestess.
"May all the gods
and goddesses of light
(especially Bejam) bless her,
may she live a 'thousand years! May all her days be illuminated by the light of wisdom,
may her nights be lit by 'the eternal flame of peace.
May her garden of knowledge be ever bountiful,

and her path made 'smooth before her.
May the bluebirds of joy serenade her passing
and the doves of peace mark her passage.
May the.
keys of enlightenment be ever in her hand,
may the door of insight open at her touch.
May her brow be untroubled,

and her head be anointed with peace.
May her [.
.
.
etc.
.
.
]"

ROSES You exit the manor toward the garden as a thick fog begins to rise.
In the darkness,
the garden looks well-maintained in places,

and completely overgrown in others,
with many narrow walking paths through it.
After a short distance,
the path enters a small courtyar with stone benches
and what looks like an ivy-overgrown marble mausoleum at the back.
Fruit trees line the courtyard,
their fruit fallen
and rotting upon the ground,

and flowerbeds fill the space between.
One holds a very large rosebush with huge red roses in full blossom,
even though night is well under way.
In front of the mausoleum is a golden-skinned,
raven-haired woman in regal

[shoot at door with twelve gauge shotgun] [aim
and fire into the head of a nazi with your tweleve gauge shotgun] [shoot at nazi with tweleve gauge shotgun] [spin to your right] [spin to your left] [turn around] [refocus vision]

Location Description 'The manor house is a large two-story structure with shuttered
and sealed windows on the top floor.
The lower floor windows are sealed but unshuttered
and light spills out from one side of the home through the glass panes.
A path leads to the front door,

and also around the back of the manor to an extensive Barden that has been managed.
The garden holds a lot of odd fauna that seems to 'thrive with low light,
including one or more large rose bushes.
This is the home of Lord Rahlia Navernos,

and she's having a dinner party.
In addition to her spawn,
she has a few special guests who are staying with her
and using her realm as safe haven for the time being-Kolaris,
a medusa noble,

and her consort Nalfazar,
a Knight of the Crimson Rose.
Also in attendance are a handful of human thralls who obediently serve the lord; they

'the way.
During their trek they will come to a set of elven ruins upon a lake at twilight.
In Battle 1,
what they take to be an elven woman kneeling on a dock is actually a medusa archer.
She calls upon swarms of blind nightshade pixies to help her add some new trophies to her statue garden.


The PCs start at location 1.
The key locations in the Twisting Gardens are 4,
5
and 6.
Everything else is optional - if you've got lots of time,
enjoy the

'The Wizard King,
it?s said,
had a daughter.
He built her a walled Qandah on the island of Omen,

and filled it with all manner of wonders
and delights conjured by his magic.
His madness grew,
but he sheltered his daughter from the cruel tyranny he visited on the rest of the Empire.
Heroes rose against him,

and the Wizard King died.
what happened to his daughter is a story no one knows.
Now,
on the island of Necropolis,
there is another walled garden,
only in this one all the flowers are dead.
All the wonders are made of bone
and dust,

and all the delights are hollow.
There dwells the Bone Princess,
who wears a porcelain mask over her skeletal face.
The first commandment of the Lich King,
a dread commandment that all the dead in Necropolis must obey,
is that none of them must ever tell the Bone Princess that she is dead.
Triple-strength 9th level caster [Undead] Initiative: +17

Games of Pows> Lich King connection ahead of time,
they should get lower DCs with the checks until they reach those who will require the proper signs
and passwords.
This option could lead to more dialogue with Pheliria,
possibly bypassing the first battle.
Stealth: The PCs sneak in via the vineyard at night,
ride in under wagons or hidden among goods,
or use some other method to get to the estate secretly.
Might: The PCs kill or capture guards,
slaves,

and servants in the surrounding estate lands while moving quickly to avoid calls of alarm when the missing are detected.


If possible,
wild Garden gargoyles focus on PCs with renged attacks,
since they pose the greatest potential threat to

How Garlen Stole a Riverboat Several years after the First Theran War,
a questor of Garlen Named Sevan had visions of a beached riverboat,
her crew close to death.
Sevan immediately left Travar
and ran along the riverbank.
After many days,
he found a K'tenshin riverboat on the banks of the Iontos River.
It had been attacked
and was beached in the shallows.
The captain
and crew were dying,
clinging to life by the barest of threads,
but with Garlen's aid Sevan helped them recover.
After the crew had recovered enough to pilot the riverboat,
they returned Sevan to Travar.
On their way back to their aropagoi,
they performed a ritual,
reNaming 'the vessel Sevan's Run
and swearing oaths to Garlen.
On their return,
the crew were imprisoned
and the ship impounded for the change.
All attempts by the aropagoi's best magicians to undo the Naming failed.
Three years later,
the crew unexpectedly returned to Travar at the helm of Sevan's Run.
Sevan joined the crew as their questor
and travels with them,
seeking out those in need of Garlen along the river.
House k'tenshin still lists the ship as stolen
and registered under its original Name,
The River Reaper.


You managed to reach the grounds of the main estate without rousing the place.
The main building is' just ahead with a wing for servants,
slaves,

and guards on either side.
The courtyard you're in is a BBRG@H with fish pools,
fountains,

and gravel walkways.
Then a rough voice from the right yells out,
"You there! You're not supposed 'to be here.
Who are you? Guards!" You see a young woman in a hardened leather cuirass with twin short swords who has just emerged from one of the side buildings,
a sheen of sweat on her.
Yells erupt from all around the courtyard followed by running footsteps.
Location Description 'The courtyard the PCs are in is 8@ wide
and 1@@ feet long,
with one end open to the estate's entrance path
and vineyards.
Directly in front of them are marble steps up to the main estate,
which has a

Garden Paths: The five gravel paths meander through the gapden,
moving past many small hidden places to sit on a bench
and intertwining

Trashmeat is the Maker's personal assistant slash ambulatory 'organ storage bank.
He's a roughly conical tower of organ meat,
walking around on a dozen mismatched legs.
For an astoundingly horrific monster,
he's actually quite nice.
He's doggedly loyal to the Maker.


'The ingredients to this harsh-tasting concoction are fairly common: fedethu cactus roots brewed with the leaves of common Banden vegetables
and the blood
and sinew of various desert animals such as the kuroo mouse or the tiny arara lizard.
Hecheyel creation requires no magic but is a skill carefulty guarded by an enclave of alchemists
and country witches.
They are rare enough that each can make a good living brewing
and selling 'the spice but numerous enough that none hold a mo- nopoly on hesheyel.
The final product is either a foul liquid to be drunk quickly or a soft lozenge packed with salt that one can suck on for an hour or more.


E1f Queen: The delicate bell-like flowers of auralanthe whisper of the influence of the Elf Queen on this place,
long long ago.
One character may breathe deeply of the magic of this plant.
The next 'tiie that character sleeps,
the Elf Queen speaks in their dreams.
What wisdom or boon she offers is up to the gamemaster.
Emperor: Dragonblade grass grows in the fields around Axis
and beside many Imperial highways.
Chewed,
it sharpens reflexes,
giving a +1 bonus to initiative for two full heal-ups.
Great Gold Wyrm: Brushing aside the earth,
the character finds a golden mandrake root,
twisted
and gnarled as if enduring 'tremendous agony.
when pulled out of its bed,
the root roars,

and that roar inspires the adventurer to greater heroism.
In the character's next fight against evil creatures,
their melee weapon dice increase by one step
(d8 to d1@,
d1@ to d12,
etc.
).
High Druid: Hidden in the living earth,
the character finds a 'tiny green sproutling that vibrates with magic.
Placed against a stone surface,
this quakevine grows with incredible speed
and destructive power,
sending expanding tendrils into every crack
and imperfection.
It can smash
and ruin a single door,
wall,
or other barrier.
Lich King: Wightgrass is found on the isle of Necropolis,

and on the coasts where the Lich King reaches out to claim his lost empire.
The white blades are icy cold to the touch.
Make a grass circlet out of wightgrass
and wear it on your head or around your neck,
or just keep it in your pocket to automatically pass your next death or last gasp save.
Tales that this puts you in the Lich King's debt are just peasant nonsense.
Orc Lord: The ashen-gray weed in this patch has no name in 'the Empirethe Orc Lord's legions brought it from some distant land.
It can be harvested
and turned into a narcotic,

and many orcs in the legion are addicted to its soporific,
rage-sapping qualities.
The ash-weed can be traded to the orcs of Deep Keep,
or used to distract the slavers or Fangrot.
Priestess: Starchimes are blue-silver plants that ring like bells under the stars.
They bring rest
and renewal-if a character takes a full heal-up outdoors while carrying a starchime,
the plant gives a +1 bonus to all recharge rolls until the next full heal-up.
Prince of Shadows: While searching the herb garden,
the character finds a leather pouch hidden in the dirt.
Inside are three weighted knucklebones,
a cryptic note,

and a vial of poison.
The note is written in a cypher,
but it's clear that someone was supposed to pick up this poison
and carry out an assassination.


The River witch Kona,
known as the River Witch,
owns the flower shop on the edge of T'town.
She specializes in alchemy
and antidotes,
but many seek her out for other services,
like curse removal
and various charms.
Many airmen in Travar possess one of her sailor's charms.
While many seek out her services,
her abrasive manner makes her no friends,

and rumors regarding past deeds do her no favors.
Even the Sanctum of Garlen,
for whom she sometimes provides treatments for unusual diseases or poisons,
views her with caution.
She is the premier alchemist in Travar,

and her services do not come cheap.
Her shop is a veritable garden of herbs
and a glass tank,
which encompasses much of her shop's inner wall of her shop,
contains various fish from the river.


The woman is wood elven in appearance,
but she is no longer: only an elf.
Cursed long ago,
Nerelith has been a medusa for longer than an Age,
trapped in the dreamlands.
She looks into the lake,
where the crystal clear water reveals her garden of memories below the surface: statues of those who've come to her
and been petrified.


'The ziggurat: During each round of battle,
Sunlit— transformed by strange magic into the Wild Garden—descends rom the clouds
and increases its impact on the fight.
Apply the following effects at the start of each round.
Before the fight begins: Through the large hole in the cavern ceiling
(indicated by the blotch in the lava at the lower left),
the PCs see the clouds boiling
and churning.
A massive,
dark shape-the size of a large fortress or castle-grows larger as it descends through the clouds.
Round one: The dark shape resolves into a massive,
upside- down stone ziggurat.
It is overgrown with strange plant life,

and vines
and writhing tendrils hang from it.
Round two: As the ziggurat slowly descends,
dark,
bat- winged creatures emerge from it
and swoop down to where the PCs
and the cultists are fighting.
As they approach,
the PCs see that they are living stone gargoyles,
half-covered in green
and gray plant life.
Round three: Several Wild GaRdeH gargoyles grab 1d4 + 4 sun shield cultists
and carry them screaming into the sky,
disappearing into the ziggurat.
Sunlit isn't what the Sun Cabal was expecting! The remaining Wild Garden gargoyles attack the PCs.
Round four: At the beginning of the round the ziggurat's pointed base crashes through the hole in the cavern ceiling
and chunks of stone fall into the battle.
All PCs in the battle must make a DC 20 Dexterity check,

and non-gargoyle NPCs must make a hard save
(16+),
or take 4d6 damage.
Round five: The ziggurat-which the ritual summoned,
but cannot control-starts to drift away.
Any remaining Wild Garden gargoyles try to disengage
and fly back to the ziggurat with their first action,
but fight using their second action if they can't get free.
The frantic sun sword paladin flees combat at the beginning of its turn
(taking an opportunity attack if engaged)
and either climbs the chain or takes the stairs,
attempting to reach the

There are four doors into the courtyard from the outbuildings,
plus the main entrance under the deck on the main estate.
Each pool is roughly a 10-foot oval that's 6 feet deep.
The sides are curved
and slippery,

and anyone moving into them or 'on the edges must roll a DC 2@ Dexterity check.
On a failure,
'they slip
and go into the pool,
stopping movement.
In addition,
it takes a move action to climb out of a pool.
The fountain is circular
and 15 feet in diameter with a 3-foot lip.
The center feature is a marble statue of a wraithlike creature with water flowing from its upraised hand.
Close inspection will reveal a single eye on a skeletal face under the shaded hood
(a nod to their new icon).
Estate & Outbuildings: The estate is a two-story marble

have no vampiric characteristics,
other than being charmed to serve her.
If any PC approaches the front door,
one of these thralls,
an old,
wizened human man named Yates,
will open the door
and welcome them in.
In a weak voice he says,
"We weren't sure you were coming to the party,
masters.
The hour is getting late.
" Yates
and everyone in the place is aware that the PCs are intruders,
but they've been instructed by Rahlia to play her game
and treat them as guests while she learns about them.
Yates will answer questions
and continue to invite the PCs
(and anyone lingering in the background) inside out of the chill
(see Terrain & Traps).
If the previous attack is mentioned,
Yates will say there have been some attacks of late that are distressing,
to be sure,

and leave it vague.
The lower floor of the manor house holds an entryway,
cloak room,
large dining hall,
kitchen
and larder,
toilet,
study,

and servant's quarters.
Windows from outside show the entryway,
dining hall,

and study lit up with lanterns
and candles,

and a group of people,
mostly human but with a few half-elves,
sitting at the table eating,
drinking,

and making merry while a few servants move to the kitchen
and back with trays of drinks
and food.
One woman with auburn hair
and pale skin in a party dress sits at the head of the table
and seems to be deferred to by the others
(a fake Rahlia).
It should all look normal from outside,

and no stealth checks are required
(though you could have spying PCs roll them) to pick up those details.
'Anyone climbing to the second floor will find outside shutters closed in front of sealed glass windows,
meaning accessing them requires breaking glass.


13: Twisting Trees: The trees surrounding the Garden prevent the player characters from leaving.
Whenever they get too close to these trees,
they feel agonizing pains all over their bodies.
It's evident that it's some enchantment placed by the Maker of Many to keep her experiments from escaping.
They'1l need to find a way to cure their condition and/or break the enchantment in order to escape.


'the druid) 'there's still a chance to negotiate with her.
She may be willing to forego her feast if they're willing to deal.
Getting her to agree to their demands will require good roleplaying,
at least two successful social skill checks
(Strength for intimidation or Charisma for negotiation probably) at DC 25 to 3@,

and each PC agreeing to 'owe her a favor of her choosing,
sealed by a drop of their blood to bind them.
Any failure to meet these conditions causes Ulla to order her allies to prepare the PCs as the main course.
Topiary: The hedge topiary creatures are simple constructs 'that will animate
and follow her orders.
Blood Thralls: The drow blood thralls are fully subsumed to her will
and are willing to die to protect her.
They are hidden 'through illusion
and stealth in the hedges around the table
(DC 30 to detect them if looking).
Additional Reinforcements: If you want to challenge the PCs more,
the hag is also entertaining 143 crustycaps
(Bestiary,
page 176),
who will emerge from under the table with high- pitched giggles ready to carve some fresh meat.
For them,
the bad word is "recovery.
" The hag has been inviting redcaps into 'the wood for some time now,

and this is the latest group.
#/Level of Ulla the Topiary Drow Blood Pcs Hag
(U) Monsters
(T) Thrall Mook
(M) 4x 6th level a 2 8
(1 mob) 5 x 6th level a 2 22
(2 mobs) 6 x 6 level th a 3 15
(2 mobs) 4x 7th level * 2 12
(4 mob)** 5 x7 level th * 3 10
(1 mob)** 6 x 7th level * 4 8
(1 mob)** * Make Ulla a double-strength enemy: increase her hp to 216,
her iron claws attacks deal 18 damage,

and her evil eye deals 24 'ongoing damage.
** Make each thrall double-strength: increase its hp to 40,

and its wicked blade attack deals 20 damage.
irrastes Ulla attempts to stay away from engagement while she uses her evil eye attack,
but if engaged she will claw a foe to use her hag abilities.
Remember to deal her foul-touched damage to enemies engaged with her.
She prefers to let her thralls
and constructs do the dirty work.
The topiary monsters will attack the closest enemy,
unless 'the hag gives them different orders.
The drow thralls intercept attackers trying to reach Ulla,

and about half will emerge from hiding to attack
and take advantage of their masters of stealth ability.
If the PCs drank the tea: Any PC that drank the tea in the hut is affected by an enchantment Ulla placed on it.
Once per battle per PC,
as a quick action,
she can activate the magic to

Iroldak Darklore Iroldak pushes to make the Founding Tournament more deadly each year,
believing there is not enough real danger involved in many of the events.
Iroldak cares nothing for the Tournament itself,
except how it makes him ridiculously wealthy.
OF all the Five,
he contributes the least simply because his ideas
and suggestions are considered too grim for the spirit of the Tournament.
When not keeping up appearances as Odestrus's macabre sidekick,
Iroldak spends his wealth collecting artifacts.
He recently discovered a book called Discipline of the Spirit,
a pre-Scourge treatise on Nethermancy written by a powerful follower of the Discipline.
The book recounts the persecution of Nethermancers before the Scourge.
It also describes safe havens created in a location known as the Valley of Souls,
by a group of Nethermancers called the Lost Circle.
Iroldak believes this mysterious valley is located close to Travar,

and is determined to discover its location.
To this end,
Iroldak spends his wealth organizing expeditions to explore the surrounding area.
Currently,
Iroldak does not have any apprentices.
His last two died during separate expeditions to the edge of the Badlands in search of the mysterious valley.


3 4 5 16 Take those features
and make them horrific or dangerous-consecrate the altar to dark gods,
fill the garden with man-eating plants,

and stick a halfling lich in the player character's favorite arm chair.




The garden courtyard is 8@ feet long
and 60 feet wide,
with four different paths leading out of it.
There are four 15 x 5 flower beds,
but only the one on the left closest to Rahlia holds the rose bush.
The mausoleum sits at the back of the courtyard among the foliage
and creepers,

and it's sealed with a heavy iron door.
Plum trees border the courtyard on either side,

and the rich fragrance of rotting plum fills the area.
Rahlia Navernos,
vampire lord of this estate,
waits for them far away in front of the crypt door,
but she's not alone.
She's planted a few bodies in the other flowerbeds,
which are zombie slaves that will rise up to defend her.
In the flowerbed closest to her,
she's also cultivated an elder blood rose that transforms into an elder death blossom.
Once Rahlia becomes staggered,
she will turn to mist
and flow down a clay pipe set among bricks in the corner of the courtyard
(the PCs will see this happen),
setting up the final confrontation within the Navernos tomb.


What becomes of Vortimbrax the Overmind? Or the Maker's experiments? Give the players a chance to narrate what happens to the garden in the years to come.
How does this garden of horrors grow now that its creator is gone?

'Auldwind Shadowsinger 'As an ork,
Auldwind Shadowsinger is the only non-human Namegiver on the Council of Five.
He is,
in fact,
one of the few orks within an organization almost exclusively human.
It is unclear whether this is by design,
or just representative of the fact the most common Namegiver in Travar is human.
'Auldwind shamelessly covets the power Odestrus wields,
not only over the Body of Five,
but Travar.
A challenge to Odestrus' position may not come from one of his apprentices as he expects,
but from within the Council of Five.
Until the time is right,
Auldwind continues to build his power base by other means.
One of the few original covenants the Body of Five holds true to is the Equilibrium Covenant.
This dates to pre-Scourge days when the Body of Five divested themselves of their trading assets.
This was not only to reduce the likelihood of having to interact with the Theran traders,
but was a group commitment to focus their efforts into research
and remove the chance their trading interests would clash or create a power struggle.
Each member of the Body of Five bends this rule to one degree or another by investing in various business interests without openly engaging in trade.
But Auldwind,
unknown to the others,
has built a trading empire from the ground up.
He disguises his trading concerns through a series of shell companies,

and makes good use of his Discipline,
masquerading as a merchant.
Auldwind?s merchant alter ego is known as Corbac Issang.
He frequently visits the Tower of Chorrolis trying to make sense of the trading language the other merchants use so fluently.
Auldwind has never taken any apprentices,

and has resisted doing so,
believing an apprentice would just complicate his plans.
He knows this status quo B 'cannot last,
however,

and eventually Odestrus will insist he choose an apprentice rom the pool of willing candidates.
Auldwind's house sits amidst a beautifully manicured garden in the Great Divide.
While the garden is quite real,
much of the sprawling manor is a series of powerful illusions he has spent years crafting to his liking.
'As an Illusionist,
Aulwind's appearance is what he wants it to be,
depending on who is doing the looking or what character he is masquerading as.
Entering middle age,
he smooths over his imperfections,
his cracked tusks appear unblemished,

and his eyes full of fire
and emotion.
He likes to keep everyone guessing,
even when on official business.
When masquerading as a merchant,
he appears as a young,
filthy rich ork.
AS an accomplished Illusionist Aulwind knows he only needs to bend the truth a little to create the perfect deception.
Aulwind claims to have attained Ninth Circle in his Discipline,
but this is just another part of his future play against Odestrus .
Eleventh Circle Ork Illusionist DEX: 5 STR: 7 Tou: 6 PER: 8 WIL: 6 CHA: 6

Purely Ceremonial 'The megalithic complex was raised to be a ceremonial center.
This could be the meeting place of a parliament of barbarian queens,
the open-air temple of a forgotten god,
or the burial place of a great king.
There are probably vengeful undead waiting to rise should the adventurers disturb the sacred site-but provided the PCs do nothing more than make camp here they are probably OK
(don't dig a latrine).


Dwarf King: Dauntroot grows deep underground-it's a

Lord Rahlia waits upstairs,
aware of the intruders in her realm
and curious as to their purpose.
The players could decide the whole thing is setup
and go in swords blazing,
but for groups that like a bit of intrigue,
the bloodbath won't start right away
and the partyers will welcome them into their fold.
See Monsters for more information on the guests.
Terrain & Traps Structures & Walls: The brick
and wood manor house is 200 feet long,
12@ feet wide,

and 5@ feet high
(two floors).
There's the main door
(unlocked) with Yates standing just inside looking through a peekhole for guests.
A second door allows access from the kitchen outside,
but it's locked
(DC 20 Str or Dex).
It's easy to see inside the ground floor everywhere except the servants' quarters
and larder,
which have no windows.
Getting to the second floor requires a successful DC 20 Strength check to climb the outer walls; it?s not difficult because there are creepers
and latticework on two sides.
Shutters can be opened to see inside,
but getting inside quietly requires magic or real skill since the windows don't open
(DC 35 check).
If the PCs go this

The stairs go up to the second level.
If the PCs enter the manor house to attend the party,
Yates will offer to take their cloaks
and point them to the right.
Anyone trying to go upstairs will be sternly directed to the dining hall,
where the lord of the house waits for them.


page 93/117 86.
1 Wonders.
The pilgrims have travelled far,

and are weary.
The physical climb
and many challenges have taken their toll,
as have the many strange
and wondrous sights the pilgrims have seen.
Go round the group
and ask for a description of a strange
and wondrous sight.
Turn to the player on the describing player's right
and ask them how their character interacted with the strange
and wondrous sight.
Go round the table until everybody has had a chance to describe a strange
and wondrous sight
and to describe how their character interacted with a strange
and wondrous sight.


Round five: The ziggurat—which the ritual summoned,
but cannot control-starts to drift away.
Any remaining Wild Garden gargoyles try to disengage
and fly back to the ziggurat with thei first action,
but fight using their second action if they can't g free.
The frantic sun sword paladin flees combat at the beginning of its turn
(taking an opportunity attack if engaged)
and either climbs the chain or takes the stairs,
attempting to reach the

'The ziggurat: During each round of battle,
Sunlit— transformed by strange magic into the Wild Garden—descends rom the clouds
and increases its impact on the fight.
Apply the following effects at the start of each round.


Monsters 'The biggest threat in this battle is Evra,
the Master of Gladiators,
a human woman who trains the house guards
and gladiators.
She is in her mid-thirties with auburn hair,
green eyes,

and sleek but iron-hard muscles.
She is fully aware of the house's true loyalties,

and while she doesn't serve the Lich King personally,
she serves 'the house no matter what.
The guards are well-trained
and bear armor
and livery of House Ivrhea.
.
They wield spears
and shortbows.
They are loyal,
but may break:
and run rather than face death once Evra falls.
'They are all humans of both sexes.
The gladiators in training have raw strength
and some skill.
'They wear simple hardened leather bracers,
greaves,
or shoulder guards
and use a variety of weapons.
They are a mix of races including human,
dwarf,
dark elf,
halfling,

and dragonic.
Additional Reinforcements: If you want to challenge the PCs more,
make the gladiators double strength.
#/Level of Evra,
Master House Guard Gladiator- Pcs of Gladiators
(6) in-Training
() Mook
(M) 4x 9th level a a 5
(1 mob) 5 x 9th level a 2 7
(4 mob) 6 x 9 level th a 3 8
(1 mob) 4 x 10th level a 3 7
(4 mob) 5 x 10 level th 6 x 10th level a 5 24
(1 mob) irrastes Evra will order the gladiators to go after the spellcasters,
using their natural dexterity to reach them.
She instructs the guards to support her by engaging any ranged attackers.
She will seek out a melee PC that's wearing the least heavy armor,
trying to drop them as quickly as possible before moving on.


If possible,
wild Garden gargoyles focus on PCs with ranged attacks,
since they pose the greatest potential threat to 'the ziggurat.


The trunk opens to reveal a set of stairs leading down
(to the extradimensional garden space where Ulla is waiting).
The

When it becomes staggered,
it conmands one or more of the fire elementals
(depending on what?s happening in the battle) to enter the village
and start fires there.
While the PCs try to stop them,
the solar mummy attempts to disengage from any remaining PCs
and escape overland.
If it succeeds in escaping,
feel free to have it reappear at the adventure's climax
and ascend to the Wild Garden on a pillar of flame.
Alternatively,
Zariel could become a recurring villain in your campaign.
If the mummy falls before the fire elementals,
it's your choice what happens next.
Maybe the fire elementals peel away
and try to set the entire town on fire.
Or maybe they just fizzle out.


'Champion The Diabolist's agents sent word of an arcane conjunction happening nearby,
a moment where the demonic realm
and the mortal world would move into close alignment.
By conducting a ritual on both sides at the same time,
you
and the demonic spellcaster on the far side of the veil have ensured that a stable hellhole will open in the months to come-as long as both of you stay alive.
You're entangled with a demon
(B) until the

Here are some ideas if the players get stuck: © A hall made of dragon bones,
open to the howling wind so that the winds whistles melodicall 'through the remains.
Symbols of a lost dragon god hand from the ribs.
© A party of adventurers looting the Cathedral,
frozen in crystal for all time as a warning t sacrilegious
and blasphemous.
© A tiny cat-sized temple,
surrounded by cats.
Regular house cats,
worshiping their cat god.
© A garden of glass flowers that sing the praises of the elven gods.


Ulla will be waiting for the PCs to come to her in the Garden of Delights,
where she 33 preparing a feast with them as the main course
(see Garden of Delights).
This is a double-strength battle.


RENDER


(It should surprise no one that the Diabolist has the best lawyers).
Still,
you picked up a few larcenous tips while you were recently imprisoned
(B).
What were they? There are certain fields of illegal activity favored by agents of the Diabolist.
You served for a time on a smuggler ship,
running illicit magical components.
into Horizon,
forbidden unholy relics into Santa Cora,

and holy relics
and obscure alchemical reagents into Drakkenhall.
Pick one of these illegal goods as a reward
(R).


Concord,
City of Spires Concord is a blend of high elf spires,
woodlands,
carved dwarven holds,

and halfling burrows—it's a Barden city,

and in places too wild to even count as a garden.


ae eee Error: Cannat find module 'chokidar' Require stack: = C:\Users\19127\Desktop\gen\david\mainjs 'C:\Users\19127\Desktop\ gen\david\node_modules\electron\ dist\resources\default.
.
\ 'at Module,
resolveFilename
(internal/modules/cjs/loader,
js:887:15) at Function.
n.
_resolveFilename
(electron/js2c/browser_initj:257:1128) 'at Module.
load
(internal/modules/cjs/loader.
is:732:27)

family line,
showing mostly men.
The last painting in the line is in better condition
and shows a golden-skinned raven-haired woman with a cold beauty that has Rahlia's name under it.
There are none after it in line.
Anyone who views the painting carefully will know 'the woman acting as Lord Rahlia in the dining hall looks similar to 'the painting in only a very general sense.
The stairs go up to the second level.
If the PCs enter the manor house to attend the party,
Yates will offer to take their cloaks
and point them to the right.
Anyone trying to go upstairs will be sternly directed to the dining hall,
where the lord of the house waits for them.
Haunted Shadows: Once the PCs engage the partygoers in battle,
Rahlia will use her house against them.
The candle flames will all snuff out,
leaving only the fire in the hearth
and many shadows.
At the start of each round when the escalation die is 44,
the house will make a draining shadows attack against one random PC.
C: Draining shadows +16 vs.
PD
(one random PC)—The target is vulnerable
and takes a -5 penalty to disengage checks
(save ends both) as shadows wrap around them
and

Withering touch +14 vs.
AC-1@@ negative energy damage,

and 'targets struck by this attack may not regain hit points in any way
(hard save ends,
16+) Miss: 5@ negative energy damage.
C: Imperious command +13 vs.
MD
(all nearby enemies)-30 psychic damage Natural 12+: The target must immediately make a free basic or at-will attack against an ally.
R: Sorrowful tales +13 vs.
MD
(1 nearby or far away enemy)-15@ ongoing psychic damage
(hard save ends,
16+).
'That target may avoid taking this damage by telling part of a fascinating story to the Bone Princess.
To determine the initial topic of the story,
the target must roll their icon relationships
and intérpret the results as they choose.
Hesitation or failure to tell a satisfying installment of the story means the enemy suffers the psychic damage.
[Special trigger] C: Death shriek +13 vs.
MD
(all nearby enemies)—15 psychic damage Dying scream: The Bone Princess makes a death shriek attack when slain.
Undead kin: A PC who slays the Bone Princess automatically gains a 1-point negative relationship with the Lich King.

(Existing relationships with the Lich King turn negative,
then increase by 4 point.
) Furthermore,
all players must then immediately roll 'their Lich King relationships.
If any of these relationship rolls comes up with a 5,
then any player characters slain in the battle immediately rise up as hostile undead creatures of equal level.


The Hidden Garden of Haggish Delights: At the end of the tunnel,
it opens into a large space that seems to be carved from 4 canopy of darkwood trees
and leaves
(like an oval in the canopy).
There's a raised dais at the center of the 14@ x 10@ foot area,
wi 'a long wooden table filled with a feast
(much of it still wiggling still bloody,

and still squealing).
'The rest of the area is a hedge garden interspersed with flowerbeds sprouting humanoid bones.
In a few areas around the garden,
there are large topiary shrubs,
bushes shaped like a wyvern,
a hill giant,
a dire wolf,

and an owlbear.
The PCs may not realize at first that these topiaries are giant topiary monste but you can describe the topiary creatures stretching
and moving instead of keeping it as a big secret! Ulla in her hag form stands near the table
and welcomes the PCs to the feast.
There's a large wooden trunk behind the table,
out of view.
Monsters There are three different types of enemies waiting for the PCs in 'the garden: Ulla the hag,
the topiary monsters,

and some drow

DOWNTIME Adventurer You carried messages from one secret servant of the Diabolist to another.
Everything was done through code names
and cut-outs,
from one shadowy masked figure to another,
handing over cyphered messages
and whispering passwords.
Still,
you're pretty sure that fat spice merchant
(C) was the recipient of one important missive.
You spent several weeks incarcerated in an Imperial jail.
The punishment for serving the Diabolist varies from place to place
(in direct proportion,
usually,
to 'the proximity of the Crusader's armies),
but you were released on a technicality before you could be sentenced.


Red: Scorched Earth-The grass is tinder-dry
and even the soil burns.
Any fires in the area have a 5@% chance of burning out of control.
Black: @ARd@A of Statues—The area is full of petrified trees
and animals that have been turned to stone.
While in the area,
supplies spoil as they transmute into clay.
White: An T1] Wind Blows No Good—The wind carries sounds of pain,
as though it were itself composed of tortured creatures.
It is impossible to take a full heal-up in the area.


4,
Strategically polished
and oiled floor.


'the way.
During their trek they will come to a set of elven ruins upon a lake at twilight.
In Battle 1,
what they take to be an elv woman kneeling on a dock is actually a medusa archer.
She calls upon swarms of blind nightshade pixies to help her add some new trophies to her statue garden.


'*® She almost never leaves her shop except on the rare occasions she assists the Sanctum of Garlen.
K'ona is aware these visits do not go unnoticed
and that she is being watched,
but by whom,
she does not know.
She is short
and stocky,

and despite her advanced age.
her dark hair is only showing the first touches of grey.
Non-adept Human Alchemist DEX: 5 STR: 4 TOU: 6 PER: 8 WIL: 7 CHA: 4 Taverns
and Inns: The Drowned Rat The Piss
and Pine would have been a better Name for this wretched establishment,
for they are the two prevailing odors,
the latter often losing to the former.
The beer tastes little better than the smell,
it's so cheap it can't possibly be making a profit,
but the low cost ensures the Rat is crowded day
and night.
The crowd is used as cover for something just as unsavory as the beer.
Just thank the Passions they don't serve food.
= Tellenar Burblebrook,
T?skrang Troubadour

The herbarium was once part of a monastery
(either the solemn- prayer-and-fasting sort,
or the mystic-martial-arts-then-prayer- and-fasting sort,
as you prefer).
All that remains now is the ivy- covered wall around an extensive if overgrown.
herb garden,
the shattered ruins of a large glasshouse,

and a dark outbuilding where the gardeners once worked.


Maze-Intuition
and Maze Building Something about growing up in a city meant to befuddle people with its layout seems to give the long-time residents of Claster a special sense of direction.
They have a knack for finding the best way from here to there when neither are visible; along with this knack comes a certain trepidation about cities with streets that don't turn back upon themselves.
Former residents of Claster attempt to mimic some aspect of Clasterian architecture in new homes: a rented house or room might just have an oddly-placed bench or table,
causing a slightly circuitous route through a roombut a home built by an Clasterian might contain twisting hallways or a apden hedge as a subtle nod to their proud heritage.
Work-crews of Clasterians are often brought together 'on building projects to create mazes for wealthy clients— merchants looking to protect their goods,
rulers look to guard their palaces with minimal guards,

and so forth.


LET US GET READY TO

The Herb Garden Several of the plants in the garden have magical properties.
Use icon story-guide results to determine what useful magical herbs can be found here
(use any outstanding results from the last icon rolls if you're feeling stingy; get the players to roll t relationships again if you're feeling magnanimous).
Even if all the story-guide rolls come up empty,
the characters still find enough wealweed to brew up a champion-tier healing potion each with a few hours? work.
Unless otherwise noted,
each herb only works once.
'Archmage: A patch of glittering spellblossom marks where a wizard once died.
Ground to dust,
the seeds from this plant provide about a minute of invisibility to one character.
Crusader: Blazing bracken is normally found only on the edges of hellholes.
A barrier made from the twigs of this plant that have been soaked in holy oil makes a potent wall against demons—an adventurer-tier demon can't force its way past until the barrier decays,
while a champion-tier demon requires a minute or so to push through.
Epic-tier demons laugh at your pathetic hedge.
Diabolist: Toadstools from hell,
by contrast,
make demon summoning easier.
A circle of these fungi weakens the dimensional barriers,
allowing demons to crawl into oun reality.
They can be used as a component in a demon-summoning ritual.


There's a gambling hall in a certain city that's actually a front for a Diabolist cult.
On the one hand,
it's nice to have a cover that actually pays for itself.
It's a lot of work,
however,

and dangerous enough that they've got 'to employ adventurers as security guards on the mean streets
(B).
Who in the city did you see gambling more 'than they should have? You helped rescue a fellow servant of the Diabolist from being burnt at the stake by the Crusader's brutes.
Now,
'the witch of the western moors
(C) owes you her life— but a demon hunter named Koraj the Inevitable knows who you are,

and is on your trail.
You've been entrusted with a relic of the Diabolist
(R),
given to you by a fugitive sorcerer on the run from the authorities.
"Keep it secret,
" he said,
"keep it safe.
Also,
keep it from getting thrown into a volcano or similar place,
because it's a potent talisman of demonic evil
and She wants it kept intact.
"

Ulla the Hag Ulla Zppears as an ancient half-elven woman
(dark elf ) with graying hair
and sa ing skin who must once have been beautiful.
She speaks with a strong,
steady voice
and her teeth appear to be perfect.
Her emerald eyes show intelligence
and a hint of cunning.
Ulla was a mortal once,
a half-elven woman cursed to become a hag.
In her hag form,
she has hair made from darkwood bark,
black claws as hard as root wood,
dark,
rough,
bark-like skin,
wood-splinter teeth,

and eyes of inky blackness.


'A PC that has relationship advantages with the High Druid,
Priestess,
or Lich King could use them to redirect a Wild Garden gargoyle away from themselves
and to another target.
A PC that has relationship advantages with the Lich King could reinvigorate 'the weakened vampire to help with her rescue,
reducing the DC of skill checks to free her by 5.
