---
title:0078.can0004
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
Kevin: Another long day
 (Sighs) Hi
 
Jana: Well, yeah
 My God, I'll say
 Ever since that Tucker McCall came on 
board at Chancellor, I don't see my dear husband anymore
 
Kevin: Yeah, I know
 They tripled my workload
 Now if they'll just triple my 
salary


 
Jana: As long as you're happy, my love
 
Kevin: Well, I've got two great jobs, the greatest wife in the world


 
Jana: Mm
 
Kevin: My sanity
 
Jana: Mm
 
Kevin: What's not to be happy about? 
 
Jana: Um, fancy an Americano? 
 
Kevin: Yeah, that would be great
 
Jana: Yeah? 
 
Kevin: Thanks
 
Jana: Okay
 
Ryder: Hey, so I, uh, I hear you're working with Tucker McCall
 That's 
awesome
 
Kevin: Yeah
 
Ryder: What's-- what's he like? 
 
Kevin: Well, not your typical suit
 
Ryder: I bet he's a cool boss, though, huh? 
 What--what are you doing for him? 


Kevin: Uh, I can't really talk about it
 
Ryder: I guess I'd better get back to work
 
Kevin: Well, that was awkward
 Thank you
 
Jana: Yeah, I know
 He's been like that since Christmas, hasn't he? 
 
Kevin: Well, he's probably still pissed that I blew him off that day
 
Jana: Well, I mean, we can't exactly invite him over to Michael and Lauren's


Kevin: Right
 "Invite" and "Restraining order" don't really go in the same 
sentence
 
Jana: (Sighs) I feel like I'm constantly-- I feel like I'm walking on 
eggshells any time I'm around him, and I can't even escape it at home
 
Kevin: Well, I can't kick him out, Jana
 He's got nowhere to go
 
Jana: Well, now hang on
 He's been working here a while now
 I'm sure he's 
got enough money saved up to get his own place
 Maybe you can help him find 
something
 
Kevin: (Sighs) All right, I'll talk to him when we get home
 
Ryder: Where have you been? 
 
Daisy: At the boutique working
 
Ryder: Well, I've been trying to get a hold of you
 
Daisy: I couldn't exactly answer your phone call in front of Lauren now, 
could I? 
 What's up? 
 
Ryder: I got another text from Mom
 
Daisy: Did she say where she was? 
 
Ryder: No
 But I think she's hiding somewhere in Lixie Dixie
 I hate to think 
what she's planning next
 
