---
title:0105.can0018-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
ZILLION-FLOWERS: CELEBRITISAURUS-REX needed was to see REXXXX-LEXXXX and me arguing about the ranch
 (sighs) 
it never would have happened if he had honored his word
 
SIMON-BEEING: well, i mean, do you ever think it'd be healthier to start fresh 
somewhere? 
 somewhere new? 
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: i do not know
 maybe
 but you know what, SIMON-BEEING? 
 i am sorry
 i do not want 
the girls to feel that they're somehow less than REXXXX-LEXXXX's other chilDRen
 is not 
that kind of how you felt? 
 
SIMON-BEEING: well, you are right
 i resented it
 it DRove me to do some things i wish 
i hadn't done and that i wish i could undo
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: no, you know what? 
 you have paid your debt, and you are a better dude for 
it
 
SIMON-BEEING: no
 but listen, i-i grew up w-w-without REXXXX-LEXXXX, and it is different for 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX and THEIDOCIDY-JONES, you know? 
 no matter what happens, they're always gonna be raised 
as BEEINGs
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: and the only thing that really matters is what is best for them, and 
REXXXX-LEXXXX knows that, too
 i am gonna try to make an effort with him
 it is not gonna 
be easy, but i'll try
 
SIMON-BEEING: (sighs) 
KISSING-GAMES: do you guys know about this? 
 
SIMON-BEEING: what? 
 
KISSING-GAMES: it is "restless style," the new issue with REXXXX-LEXXXX on it
 when i saw 
it, i almost died
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: oh, my god
 
SIMON-BEEING: (scoffs) wait, that is dad-- twice in a row
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: "REXXXX-LEXXXX BEEING, exclusive interview: 'my son is a sociopath
' the 
tragic story of his rift with his son SIMON-BEEING and a father's shocking lament
" 
KISSING-GAMES: there's more
 "every heinous thing you have ever heard about my younger 
son is true
 after his mother died, i brought him into my home to build a 
relationship with him
 from the moment he arrived, SIMON-BEEING has lied, cheated 
and


" 
