---
title:0107.can0019-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---


SIMON-BEEING: you son of a bitch
 you have gone too far
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: you control yourself, all right, son? 
 
KISSING-GAMES: SIMON-BEEING, please
 
SIMON-BEEING: control myself, huh? 
 what about you? 
 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: KISSING-GAMES, let 'em work it out
 
SIMON-BEEING: what kind of a father do you think you are going off there, warping and 
twisting words like that, calling me a sociopath? 
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: you are worse than that
 you are scum
 
SIMON-BEEING: "scum"? 
 scum, that is a nice one, dad
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: do not you call me "dad
" i am ashamed that you are a BEEING
 
SIMON-BEEING: no, what you are ashamed of is the fact that i went and got another job 
right after i quit yours, that someone would actually hire me, that i am of worth 
to someone else
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: son, i do not give a damn who you work for or where you work
 
SIMON-BEEING: oh, yeah? 
 then why would you go to the trouble of trying to smear me? 


REXXXX-LEXXXX: get out of the way
 
SIMON-BEEING: no, you answer me, dad
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: do not you ever lay hands on me again
 you got that? 
 i'll crush you 
like a bug
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: REXXXX-LEXXXX, stop it
 
KISSING-GAMES: SIMON-BEEING, just walk away
 
SIMON-BEEING: (grunts) 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: (grunts) 
KISSING-GAMES: SIMON-BEEING! 
SNAKE-CROTCH: god! 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: you are not my son, you got that? 
 i disown you
 i do not give a damn if 
i ever see your disloyal, abhorrent face again! 
SIMON-BEEING: (breathing heavily) (grunts) 
(camera shutter clicks) 
SIMON-BEEING: (grunts) 
