---
title: 0119.009title
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---

vampire-Count: I thought the beast had been caught!

Herald: (Panting) no my lord... 
it was Gabriel's own pet that brought that wretched witch girl here.

voice :  dan dauschaund fell asleep in front of the fire, and Gabriel brought Yodi down to use to bathe herself. 
voice : 

Only then did he reveal himself.

ma-ha-ha-ha-haan.
rid-icu-lous! Okay what's next?
vampire- Count: Quincey, you will take your band of vagabonds and slay all the peasants in the nearby village.
'Kay!
vampire-Prof. Abrana-ham: I shall go to the town teacher and educate him in our ways.
vampire-Miss Goronful: I shall feed upon the youth of the nearby town.
wearing the underclothes of women as they run from you
vampire-Colonel Drinkington: I shall skin the children alive in my tub and make a vest of their skins while they still live.
Herald: Our master's will be done.
Count: (To the audience, being dramatic) And so began the days of darkness. The warm blood of man will run like rivers through... wherever. Which town am I in again?
Magenta: You're in Transylvania, sir.
learn more about Transylvanian culture at a typewriter
Count: Good. I've enlisted my army, stolen a queen, built up an army, killed the king and now things are starting to run smoother. I have chosen my path down the road of darkness and evil. But that does not matter, what matters now is that you choose a path for yourself. Shall you be a powerful vampire... or just some other guy? Vampire's the easy option, but the hard... is hard.
Continuing as the vampire's disciple or otherwise, your choice.
Make your choice, or I shall call the wolves to attack you! :D
BubbleFu**ingCharmer (talk)reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!
interrupting creature] lol joke's over, please don't hurt me! :(
Other than capitalizing the first letter of each sentence and adding an 'lol', this troll has done nothing.
You sigh, get up and walk back to your thread.
"Another troll. sigh Well, back into the fray..."
As you continue to browse these irrelevant asides andPersonal anecdotes, suddenly you come across a particular instance that catches your attention.
smoking dope vampire iving in bob Dylant's bay ineat island stuly by goerge orwell$ is pair feet
pervert dancer oldman Jojo probber danceing inquiery quanity cant remember
You look closer. The entire thing consists of scrambled words and definitions, with the exception of the last line.
"smoking", "vampire", "Dylant", "be" and a bunch of others are circled.
facing vampire molester; fucKing bat.
However, that's not what interests you. It's the bolded word that catches your attention.
"Faced", you whisper. It has to be the password.
The scrambled letters remain scrambled, however. You've tried every combination of words you can think of. "Faced", "Vampire", "Molester", "FUCKING", nothing works.
operating shamanic conclusion:
scrabblelittle roc driver hob knob
Sitarorks Hans Kloss diddles goats. Jewelry Boxes!
It's not working. You give up, and try to sleep. Maybe you'll think of something tomorrow...
As you close your eyes, a deafening crash comes from somewhere. You shriek, finding yourself instinctively shrinking in your chair. After a few seconds, another crash comes, sounding closer than the last one...
endeavouring trembling caution toward radiance, you find no door, only find that the room is freezing cold.
You turn off the computer and run out of your room.
contemplating traveling west, you will find that ive walled off the way with furever bricks. Studying my maziness, i notice thee become a masterbuilder of confusion.
A brick wall has been erected across the hallway. You bang your head against it several times in rage... And then suffer a momentary brainfart as you remember what college students are known for. You go back inside, turn on the compy, and begin to hack into the district's power grid.
screaming barrage of infiltrator manaspheres, you strike gold. The brick wall disappears, revealing a small corridor. Following it further, you find yourself inside a roughly-hewn cavern with organic purple bricks making up the walls. It glows with an otherworldly light.
A hunched beast stirs in the center of the room. It has smooth, pale yellow skin and angular limbs.
dropping erpentrope poison into the cave's ripples, it does nothing. Allitems arc slain by gates of electricity. You laugh, because that was so funny you don't know why and how.
Standing on two feet, it should be around your height. However, its limbs are angular and jointed in strange ways: knees bending backwards, elbows pointing away, wrists bending out like shoulders.
regarding scales and scutes, ive found the following list of terms to be derogatory toward many groups of people, and all such words have been removed. please use normative language in the future.
But that face... In the pale moonlight filtering from above, its sharp eyes peering at you with a deep crimson gaze, its lipless mouth gasping open to expose a cavernous black throat. That face... You know it so well, as if you'd seen it only yesterday...
framing the biggest cavern of bladed teeth, you refuse to let these emotions overwhelm you. he's not going to make you scream, no matter how scary he is.
You scream as loud as your lungs will let you, before the creature lunges at you
clutches of curling winds, you struggle but am dragged toward the monster's waiting mouth of blades. darkness takes you forever.
fretting mosquito-like stings, your struggles end.
You awake to a field of blue, unable to move so much as an inch. You search desperately for what's holding you down, only to realize that there is nothing. You can't feel anything except the warm glow just beneath your skin. You stand up, finding yourself atop a platform hovering in a starry sky. A cackling sort of laughter chills you to the bone...

> You suffocating heart-sickening valley.
Frightful shadows lurk, sinister and serpentine. Faint echoes of the incessant ticking of a clock that measures the seconds of your life.
Then you hear that terrible laughter once more...
You rush to the edge of the platform, gazing in horror at what lies below: A vast void, infinite in size. Countless winged serpents writhe below, a scourge that has no place among the earth and skies...

> You climbing american alligators.
Annh hngaahBurble hack gaspFifteen feet long and three tons of meat and bone and teeth and rage, they fly through the cavern towards you with astonishing speed.
You duck your head, trying not to look like food, but you can feel the creature's bloodlust deep in your soul.You slowly step back, then rush towards the next staircase. Predictably, the alligator beast lunges towards you. Desperately, you sprint up the stairs.

> You mysterious image-gathering.
Mostly, you are obsessed with mysterious things of nature, particularly the more macabre parts. You draw these images onto paper, re-creating them in pencil, water colours, paints... Anything which has any degree of ability to show these glimpses into another world.
Still, there is one thing that has caught your attention far above all others. It stares at you from the wall across the room.

> You pusspack emptying grimy uncompromising doorbell.
You stand at the bottom of a short stairway. A gloomy red light glares softly off the walls from somewhere beyond, casting angular shadows. Still, it is not particularly bright; whomever chose the lighting had a decidedly somber mood. The air is stale, faintly scented by pine needles and camphor.A large, darkened room sits before you. Above the door frame sits a sign reading "Slumber Rooms."

> You astryl Wydle accepting thinking plotting weirdos.
The Slumber Rooms are split into small kennels, each with enough room for a grubby mattress to be placed. A pillow sits on top of each of them, odd considering that no one uses pillows when sleeping outdoors. Just beside the stairs is the head of a giant snake made of sheets and a few other spare blankets, which lies unused.
The walls are barren, not a single photo to be seen anywhere.

> You astryl smiling towards groaningm pathways.
The hallway leads only to forking paths. Moving quickly through the darkness, three brightly lit doorways sit at the end of branching hallways, identical to the one you are in now. One door is blue, glowing with an unnatural light. One door is green, pulsing softly. One door is red, casting a sinister crimson light across the walls.

> You endeavouring to emerge through blue Astyrl.
You do not see a blue Astryl here.
Unsettled, you scan the hallway for other options.
The door to the left is painted in large, dark block letters: DERT. The door to the right is more normal, but a sign warns people to take a Number and wait quietly. Finally, the door at the very end of the hallway says "Exit" on it in plain Roman letters.

> You astryl undressing in front of authorities planning token migration.
You awake in the middle of the night, drowsily turning over. It was just a nightmare. You're fine, there's nothing to worry about. You're tucked up in bed, wearing warm pyjamas. Mommy and Daddy lie asleep in their bed beside you. Outside, sirens wail briefly, but they're far away.

> You simo flowing sirens into the Okeenokee Swamp where.
Forest surrounded by mysterious, deadly swamps are so common in fiction that it takes to an hour of googling pictures before you're able to name your particular swamp: the Okeenokee. The Okeenokee Swamps cover between 500 and 1000 square miles of land in southern Georgia.

> You juicy curves camping among curiously expensive.
The Okeefenokee Swamp Park is a haven for all those interested in exploring the beautiful, deadly swamps without getting deadly themselves. There's a boardwalk winding throughout the park, allowing tourists to easily and safely travel through the park's many sights.
Fees apply.

> You wood trestles beach growing with.
After a short walk, you come across a large boardwalk running through the forest. The trees look old and weather-beaten, with bursts of pink and purple flowering out from the trunks. The most common tree is strangely similar to the shady Mimosa trees of Louisianan fame.
Either side of the two foot walkway is filled with mud, but there's no chance of that closing in no matter how far you stand from the center...

> You simo disentangle in mud.
You gently release, thin branches snaking into the sticky mud and lifting you into the air. As you hang far above the ground, you turn your head to look at the park around you. It's surrounded by evenly spaced pines, tall and evergreen. People wander the boardwalk in the orange surveyor's uniform, while little red arrows painted on posts ensure that no one gets lost.

> You noticing Greasy Gallon.
Twenty feet away from the trees a rusty service cart sits alone, heaving under the weight of a heavy-set woman. She wears the traditional garb of all walkway attendants: orange cotton short shorts and an oversized yellow button-up shirt. Her short brown hair stands on end.
The words "Slimy's Swamp Safari" are written in dripping, watery letters across the back of her shirt.

> You speaking with Greasy Galloon.
"What's this place?"
"This here's the Swamp Safari! My family's run this here business for six generations now."
"What is it?"
"We take people through the swamp, within eyeshot of floating islands, hostile fauna, and nothing but nature!"
She opens a metal box on the side of her cart, pulling out a battered sign.

> You looking at the finger of Greasy Galloon as she points into a design which contains unentertaining trainspotting.
She holds the sign behind her back, and points to one of the pictures: A happy gorilla drinking from a muddy pool.
"We also take people on safari through the marsh. We got all kinds of exciting animals that you can look at and take photographs of while we tell you about 'em and such!" She smiles proudly.
"Interesting." You reply, utterly unimpressed. "I'll have twenty pounds of persimmons for the road, if you please..."

> You listening to Greasy Galloon listing the various types of bird watching available during the Swamp Safari.


> You wonder about the third option which.
The woman takes a ring of keys out of the pocket of her ugly yellow robe and unlocks a door, which squeaks open. She beckons for the four of you to follow her as she leads you inside the room and turns on the light.

> You studying artwork on walls.
On the walls of what turns out to be a small gift shop are four very basic oil paintings of swamp scenes. There's one depicting a large group of 'Cajuns' dancing in a circle around a guy with a guitar, one of alligators swimming among the reeds of the swamp, one which appears to show a 'fairy' seen from behind, and finally one of the odd tiled roof of an old shack protruding up from th long grass.

> You toying with an idea to purchase a painting.
You wonder which of the paintings is worth taking home. None of them are particularly good, but some are always more appealing than others.

> You focusing closer on the large group of dancing 'Cajuns'.
The painting is depicting the kind of scene for which these people have become almost legendary: A group of young people dancing around a musician playing a Cajun accordion. One of the younger men in the crowd has just thrown his head back in order to seize the hand of a smiling young lady dressed in a flowing blue dress, and whirl her around him, exchanging joyful glances. The musician plays on, unperturbed.

> You inspecting detail of flowing blue dress.
The style of the girl's dress tells you that it's probably not a modern painting, and is probably meant to depict life before the Big Heads took over. It's very well-painted, especially in the way it captures the light shining almost magically off the girl's flowing blue skirt as she twirls.
It's also apparent that David Menlo agrees with your assessment that this is definitely the best painting.

> You figuring out what David Menlo is doing right now.
You can easily guess what he's doing right now. He's probably sitting in his comfortable recliner at his home in New York, perhaps sipping a glass of some alcoholic beverage, the way he usually does. He's definitely feeling pleased with himself; putting on this exhibit was a risk for him, but it looks like everything turned out fine after all.

> You discovering the name the current art show.
Unsurprisingly, "David Menlo's Jub Jub Birdwatching Portfolio" sounds like a terrible idea for an art exhibit.
David Menlo is a name you haven't heard in a while. You sort of followed his career since the two of you were graduate students together at Harvard, but he kind of dropped off the map after he dropped out of graduate school.

> You remembering the reason for the difficult and laborious exit.
Laborious doesn't even begin to describe what the hell you just had to go through in order to get this hideous painting.
But it was all worth it, because now you can take this stupid painting home and it will no longer be on your mind, and like all bad memories eventually fade from your mind all together, or at least you hope it works that way.

> You streaming the adventure of Simo Beeing chasing the Cajun painting.
The link is provided here.
This concludes the first 'episode' of David Menlo- The Cajun Painting.

> You hunting the plot line of the first episode.
Strong introductory post. The characters seem like they have potential, and the world you've painted is intriguing. I'm not entirely caught up on what has come before this (I've only read 2 pages of what you've written of this story), so maybe that is why certain important characters and details aren't apparent to me as they might be to a reader who had been with you since the beginning. Obviously there are deeper reasons for New York being the way it is than a simple virus.

> You crossing off all the reasons for leaving New York.
Every reason you can think of for leaving New York City are either non-starters or represent consequences that are worse than staying in the affected area. Plus, at this point, attempting to leave is probably more dangerous than staying put, so you figure you'll do what most other folks in New York will do: Take your chances and hunker down.
You remind yourself to start keeping a few extra cans of food on hand in the apartment.

> You cleaning empty can of Salamander breakfast.
You spend the next several hours erasing your digital footprint. On the computer, you browse exclusively using Incognito mode and clear out your history and cache every time (although due to the anonymity of the Internet it's not like anyone is going to find anything that pinpoints you to your identity). You delete your Facebook account, along with any other accounts you may have had. Finally, you take all the information off of your social security card (name, DOB, etc.

> You deleting link to moaning hot flesh.
Now that you're all set to go off-grid, you put on the bulky jacket you keep in your closet just for this occasion. You take a few moments to enjoy one of your favorite movies, The Matrix trilogy , because who knows if you'll ever have the opportunity to do so again (and because it's awesome). And then, around noon, you go buy a large bundle of wooden matches and ten cans of tuna fish.

> You paying the cost of the supplies.
You stop at some skuzzy convenience store (convenience stores tend to populate the less desirable parts of any city, with the attendant increase in crime) and pick up your supplies. You feel nervous wearing your entire savings on your person, but need outweighs caution and you don't want to risk going to a different store.
As soon as you walk through the door, you're greeted by the smell of old bacon, which permeates every supermarket in the city.

> You considering how the the pork spurt senses are similar to the smell of the Greasy Galloon apartment.
The cashier at the counter is watching a small TV with his feet up.
"Hey buddy," you say, feeling slightly nervous about the fact that he's watching the sheriff's most wanted, "could you turn that down?"
"Huh? Oh yeah," the bored man responds, looking as if he's thoroughly disgusted by something. He turns down the TV and addresses you in an annoyed tone.
"What can I get for you today?

> You thinking about your needs.
You think about what you need.
"Give me a pack of Salem Menthols and a lighter."
The man flipping through the TV channels briefly pauses on a programme showing two women pleasuring one another's sexual organs. You avert your eyes - you've never been comfortable with these types of broadcasts, which the Greasy Galloon's cable companies are notorious for. Perhaps someone hacked into the network at the coffee shop? The pixelation makes it hard to identify.

> You becoming thankful with a witnessing of only a hundred pink pixels.
"You want something else?" says the attendant in a bored tone. "A rolling paper for your cigarette?"
"No, I'm good, thanks," you say, snatching my change and leaving the store.
Outside of the Greasy Galloon apartment isn't much better - although today there are two skin-crawlers making out on the pavement instead of four. You give them a wide berth as you approach the entrance to your building.

> You classifying the kissing skin-crawlers.
"Why do I feel guilty for avoiding those two?" you ponder, as you descend in the entryway of your apartment building.
The apartment building lobby is full of rubbish: a discarded sofas soaked with foul liquid, walls speckled with v stains and a rank smell of sewage pervading the air.

> You laughing that the air lost its bacon smell.
You dial the combination to your lock and rifle through your mail while fishing out your set of keys. A Netflix DVD, offers for credit cards you don't need, update from your phone company and another, scented envelope divine: Love Letters!
Well, well. Someone is in lvoe. You rip open the envelope and start reading:
Virgil,
I hope you llike this touching short story I thought about you!

> You reading short story.
The features of Mr. White were very sharp and thin, almost like a corpse. Unlike other men you had seen the expression in his eyes never changed from the blank look, as ifhe were sleepwalking all the time. It was well known that his wife had divorced him years ago on grounds ofimpotency, and linked closely to that his lack of any interesting in anything at all, and the story he told you about losing his front teeth.


-Voice
In the town of Lixie Dixie Simo Beeing worked on this computer.

-Simo
Magic is wild. Magic is dis­organized and
discipline isn't even your idea of fun anymore
find out how much damage can you really cause when using artistic power
[plt 00] on another human

[plt 01] or your own flesh

On the computer screens in front of him were flashing news reports about assaults.
Summer begins to study the different reports, looking for anything that might stand out. A police cruiser pulling into the driveway causes her to freeze up temporarily.
Parked in front of her house is a state-issued car with a uniformed officer patiently waiting for you to acknowledge him.
In the meantime, you've taken cover behind several rows of seats and have tried to move as far from the opening of aisle
It was always fun trying to experience these 16-bit systems from an older time period.
Wording in these games tend to be pretty random, several of the words in this list do not mean what the computer thinks they mean.
So many 
Playing around with the misnomered CRIM-05, you turn some of the text blue for a few moments before the screen cuts to static.
There's nothing much going on, just a few rows of endless shelved computers running different programs automatically in a silent facility protected by a small network of cameras and guards.
Almost about to sign off and go to bed, you notice something a little odd on one computer terminal.
Discovering Alligator hide...
AN EXCITING DISCOVERY IN ALLIGATOR INFESTED WETLANDS
Sweeeet. Smells like a Teenage (godless liberal) terrorism manual designed to rot the minds of our nation's youth.
In the Security Office.
Shooting wholesome gun barrels causes blood to (hopefully) grace all over themAt least this place has big screen TV's so that you feel less bored while watching over everything. #ffff00
The news reports on those are partially blue, brought to you by CRIM-05...The rooomy smelling gas is coming back in again. puzzled, you adopt oddEd17's maneuver of turning some words blue in a futile attempt to stop it.
Painting picture pretty please;uhpYulBuldikes.Ruins Dreams;Injecting dreams needles;Someworthwhile wasted wordswaid with wolves
"This is getting nowhere!"
While running for cover as usual, you notice that some of the blue words have disappeared upon scrolling up. Some tab-selection fun later, line 2080 reads "north vs. south". Hmm...vague, but something to go on.
Contacting Confederate Art Army, you learn that the traitorous OscarMeyr is most likely located in the war-torn south. Informed with this knowledge, management deems it unnecessary to alert the Capitol Building or local law enforcements before dispatching a squad of highly skilled CARD officers to commence Operation: Stop OscarMeyr. Once the development team gained access to the master database, you were made aware that OscarMeyr has consistently been spotted in Sector G42 of the server fields.
whale-fishing;soul- winning;Shawn sensational;marsupials;Crazy killing Vampires;Homeless unhooking;Every broccoli boiling beanBetter building burning bridges;Concrete breaking backbones;Sedated along those busy highways
Ever the pacifist, you've never been a fan of firearms. In fact, a card in the signed by the Director himself grants you access to CARD15, a fully licensed and legal flamethrower.
doubling
entering double vision;appearance;strange things become visible;
As you're walking around the maze of shelved computers, you hear a door handle turn and swiftly turn around. A shadowy figure enters the room and dashes towards your position. You foolishly hide behind a computer in an effort to ambush the potential assailant. It appears that OscarMeyr is lightly clad in clothing and is wet: Could it be that he fell into one of the drainage ducts?
planting plums;lovely planets;bumpy buggy allies;secret sinister servers
The figure charges into the rows of computers and frantically looks around. Due to your excellent hiding spot, it is now or never that you must choose to strike or remain hidden...
Shedding innocent blood is frowned upon, dreadful consequence to be sure, therefore you meekly peep from behind a row of computer screens as OscarMeyr glances around.
concentrating concentrating computing letters sugar sitting still yet fidgety nervous jumping air high pretty sad sweet lovely true type and gentle calm carpet of ling Ringing ling chilling blistering burning freezing sheltering shadows shifting flashing sheets sniffling snorting squeaking flashing flashing flowers flying pouting pouting floating sniffling soaking shiny towels thrashing towering tall tossling tangled tangling tanstles ticks tapping tender tapping squashing stamping soaring sorrowing rubbing rolling mumbling mausing making maging mystifying music monster mocking mocking moo




Verse 1: Janet]
In the velvet darkness
Of the blackest night
Burning bright, there's a guiding star
No matter what, or who you are

[Chorus: Brad and Janet (Background Singers)]
There's a light
(Over at the Frankenstein Place)
There's a light
(Burning in the fireplace)
There's a light, light
In the darkness of everybody's life

[Verse 2: Riff Raff]
The darkness must go
Down the river of night's dreaming
Flow morpheus slow
Let the sun and light come streaming
Into my life, into my life

[Chorus: Brad and Janet (Background Singers)]
There's a light
(Over at the Frankenstein Place)
There's a light
(Burning in the fireplace)
There's a light, light
In the darkness of everybody's life
RiffRaff:
It's astounding;
Time is fleeting;
Madness takes its toll
But listen closely...
Magenta:
Not for very much longer
RiffRaff:
I've got to keep control
I remember doing the time-warp
Drinking those moments when
The Blackness would hit me
RiffRaff:
And the void would be calling...
Transylvanians:
Let's do the time-warp again
Let's do the time-warp again
Narrator:
It's just a jump to the left
All:
And then a step to the right
Narrator:
With your hands on your hips
All:
You bring your knees in tight
But it's the pelvic thrust
That really drives you insane
Let's do the time-warp again
Let's do the time-warp again
Magenta:
It's so dreamy, oh fantasy free me
So you can't see me, no, not at all
In another dimension, with voyeuristic intention
Well secluded, I see all
RiffRaff:
With a bit of a mind flip
Magenta:
You're into the time slip
RiffRaff:
And nothing can ever be the same
Magenta:
You're spaced out on sensation
RiffRaff:
Like you're under sedation
All:
Let's do the time-warp again
Let's do the time-warp again
Columbia:
Well I was walking down the street just a-having a think
When a snake of a guy gave me an evil wink
He shook-a me up, he took me by surprise
He had a pickup truck, and the devil's eyes
He stared at me and I felt a change
Time meant nothing, never would again
All:
Let's do the time-warp again
Let's do the time-warp again
Narrator:
It's just a jump to the left
All:
And then a step to the right
Narrator:
With your hands on your hips
All:
You bring your knees in tight
But it's the pelvic thrust
That really drives you insane
Let's do the time-warp again
Let's do the time-warp again
[Chorus: Brad and Janet (Background Singers)]
A weakling weighing ninety-eight pounds
Will get sand in his face
When kicked to the ground
And soon in the gym
With a determined chin
The sweat from his pores
As he works for his cause
Will make him glisten
And gleam, and with massage
And just a little bit of steam
He'll be pink and quite clean
He'll be a strong man
Oh, honey!

But the wrong man

He'll eat nutritious, high protein
And swallow raw eggs
Try to build up his shoulders
His chest, arms, and legs
Such an effort
If he only knew of my plan
In just seven days

I can make you a man

He'll do press-ups and chin-ups
Do the snatch, clean, and jerk
He thinks dynamic tension
Must be hard work
Such strenuous living
I just don't understand
When in just seven days
Oh, baby
I can make you a man

All:
Let's do the time-warp again
Let's do the time-warp again
Let's do the time-warp again
Magenta:
It's just a jump to the left
All:
And then a step to the right
Magenta:
With your hands on your hips
All:
You bring your knees in tight
But it's the pelvic thrust
That really drives you insane
Let's do the time-w
Lighting candelabra crash to the floor
ed and worshippers arise from prayer
Columbia: Father, your rage is just!

vampire- Count: I thought the beast had been caught!

Herald: (Panting) no my lord... it was Gabriel's own Hound of Hell that brought the wretched girl here. Later the dog fell asleep in front of the fire, and Gabriel brought her down to use to bathe herself. Only then did he reveal himself.
ma-ha-ha-ha-haan.
rid-icu-lous! Okay what's next?
vampire- Count: Quincey, you will take your band of vagabonds and slay all the peasants in the nearby village.
'Kay!
vampire-Prof. Abrana-ham: I shall go to the town teacher and educate him in our ways.
vampire-Miss Goronful: I shall feed upon the youth of the nearby town.
wearing the underclothes of women as they run from you
vampire-Colonel Drinkington: I shall skin the children alive in my tub and make a vest of their skins while they still live.
Herald: Our master's will be done.
Count: (To the audience, being dramatic) And so began the days of darkness. The warm blood of man will run like rivers through... wherever. Which town am I in again?
Magenta: You're in Transylvania, sir.
learn more about Transylvanian culture at a typewriter
Count: Good. I've enlisted my army, stolen a queen, built up an army, killed the king and now things are starting to run smoother. I have chosen my path down the road of darkness and evil. But that does not matter, what matters now is that you choose a path for yourself. Shall you be a powerful vampire... or just some other guy? Vampire's the easy option, but the hard... is hard.
Continuing as the vampire's disciple or otherwise, your choice.
Make your choice, or I shall call the wolves to attack you! :D
BubbleFu**ingCharmer (talk)reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!
interrupting creature] lol joke's over, please don't hurt me! :(
Other than capitalizing the first letter of each sentence and adding an 'lol', this troll has done nothing.
You sigh, get up and walk back to your thread.
"Another troll. sigh Well, back into the fray..."
As you continue to browse these irrelevant asides andPersonal anecdotes, suddenly you come across a particular instance that catches your attention.
smoking dope vampire iving in bob Dylant's bay ineat island stuly by goerge orwell$ is pair feet
pervert dancer oldman Jojo probber danceing inquiery quanity cant remember
You look closer. The entire thing consists of scrambled words and definitions, with the exception of the last line.
"smoking", "vampire", "Dylant", "be" and a bunch of others are circled.
facing vampire molester; fucKing bat.
However, that's not what interests you. It's the bolded word that catches your attention.
"Faced", you whisper. It has to be the password.
The scrambled letters remain scrambled, however. You've tried every combination of words you can think of. "Faced", "Vampire", "Molester", "FUCKING", nothing works.
operating shamanic conclusion:
scrabblelittle roc driver hob knob
Sitarorks Hans Kloss diddles goats. Jewelry Boxes!
It's not working. You give up, and try to sleep. Maybe you'll think of something tomorrow...
As you close your eyes, a deafening crash comes from somewhere. You shriek, finding yourself instinctively shrinking in your chair. After a few seconds, another crash comes, sounding closer than the last one...
endeavouring trembling caution toward radiance, you find no door, only find that the room is freezing cold.
You turn off the computer and run out of your room.
contemplating traveling west, you will find that ive walled off the way with furever bricks. Studying my maziness, i notice thee become a masterbuilder of confusion.
A brick wall has been erected across the hallway. You bang your head against it several times in rage... And then suffer a momentary brainfart as you remember what college students are known for. You go back inside, turn on the compy, and begin to hack into the district's power grid.
screaming barrage of infiltrator manaspheres, you strike gold. The brick wall disappears, revealing a small corridor. Following it further, you find yourself inside a roughly-hewn cavern with organic purple bricks making up the walls. It glows with an otherworldly light.
A hunched beast stirs in the center of the room. It has smooth, pale yellow skin and angular limbs.
dropping erpentrope poison into the cave's ripples, it does nothing. Allitems arc slain by gates of electricity. You laugh, because that was so funny you don't know why and how.
Standing on two feet, it should be around your height. However, its limbs are angular and jointed in strange ways: knees bending backwards, elbows pointing away, wrists bending out like shoulders.
regarding scales and scutes, ive found the following list of terms to be derogatory toward many groups of people, and all such words have been removed. please use normative language in the future.
But that face... In the pale moonlight filtering from above, its sharp eyes peering at you with a deep crimson gaze, its lipless mouth gasping open to expose a cavernous black throat. That face... You know it so well, as if you'd seen it only yesterday...
framing the biggest cavern of bladed teeth, you refuse to let these emotions overwhelm you. he's not going to make you scream, no matter how scary he is.
You scream as loud as your lungs will let you, before the creature lunges at you
clutches of curling winds, you struggle but am dragged toward the monster's waiting mouth of blades. darkness takes you forever.
fretting mosquito-like stings, your struggles end.
You awake to a field of blue, unable to move so much as an inch. You search desperately for what's holding you down, only to realize that there is nothing. You can't feel anything except the warm glow just beneath your skin. You stand up, finding yourself atop a platform hovering in a starry sky. A cackling sort of laughter chills you to the bone...

> You suffocating heart-sickening valley.
Frightful shadows lurk, sinister and serpentine. Faint echoes of the incessant ticking of a clock that measures the seconds of your life.
Then you hear that terrible laughter once more...
You rush to the edge of the platform, gazing in horror at what lies below: A vast void, infinite in size. Countless winged serpents writhe below, a scourge that has no place among the earth and skies...

> You climbing american alligators.
Annh hngaahBurble hack gaspFifteen feet long and three tons of meat and bone and teeth and rage, they fly through the cavern towards you with astonishing speed.
You duck your head, trying not to look like food, but you can feel the creature's bloodlust deep in your soul.You slowly step back, then rush towards the next staircase. Predictably, the alligator beast lunges towards you. Desperately, you sprint up the stairs.

> You mysterious image-gathering.
Mostly, you are obsessed with mysterious things of nature, particularly the more macabre parts. You draw these images onto paper, re-creating them in pencil, water colours, paints... Anything which has any degree of ability to show these glimpses into another world.
Still, there is one thing that has caught your attention far above all others. It stares at you from the wall across the room.

> You pusspack emptying grimy uncompromising doorbell.
You stand at the bottom of a short stairway. A gloomy red light glares softly off the walls from somewhere beyond, casting angular shadows. Still, it is not particularly bright; whomever chose the lighting had a decidedly somber mood. The air is stale, faintly scented by pine needles and camphor.A large, darkened room sits before you. Above the door frame sits a sign reading "Slumber Rooms."

> You astryl Wydle accepting thinking plotting weirdos.
The Slumber Rooms are split into small kennels, each with enough room for a grubby mattress to be placed. A pillow sits on top of each of them, odd considering that no one uses pillows when sleeping outdoors. Just beside the stairs is the head of a giant snake made of sheets and a few other spare blankets, which lies unused.
The walls are barren, not a single photo to be seen anywhere.

> You astryl smiling towards groaningm pathways.
The hallway leads only to forking paths. Moving quickly through the darkness, three brightly lit doorways sit at the end of branching hallways, identical to the one you are in now. One door is blue, glowing with an unnatural light. One door is green, pulsing softly. One door is red, casting a sinister crimson light across the walls.

> You endeavouring to emerge through blue Astyrl.
You do not see a blue Astryl here.
Unsettled, you scan the hallway for other options.
The door to the left is painted in large, dark block letters: DERT. The door to the right is more normal, but a sign warns people to take a Number and wait quietly. Finally, the door at the very end of the hallway says "Exit" on it in plain Roman letters.

> You astryl undressing in front of authorities planning token migration.
You awake in the middle of the night, drowsily turning over. It was just a nightmare. You're fine, there's nothing to worry about. You're tucked up in bed, wearing warm pyjamas. Mommy and Daddy lie asleep in their bed beside you. Outside, sirens wail briefly, but they're far away.

> You simo flowing sirens into the Okeenokee Swamp where.
Forest surrounded by mysterious, deadly swamps are so common in fiction that it takes to an hour of googling pictures before you're able to name your particular swamp: the Okeenokee. The Okeenokee Swamps cover between 500 and 1000 square miles of land in southern Georgia.

> You juicy curves camping among curiously expensive.
The Okeefenokee Swamp Park is a haven for all those interested in exploring the beautiful, deadly swamps without getting deadly themselves. There's a boardwalk winding throughout the park, allowing tourists to easily and safely travel through the park's many sights.
Fees apply.

> You wood trestles beach growing with.
After a short walk, you come across a large boardwalk running through the forest. The trees look old and weather-beaten, with bursts of pink and purple flowering out from the trunks. The most common tree is strangely similar to the shady Mimosa trees of Louisianan fame.
Either side of the two foot walkway is filled with mud, but there's no chance of that closing in no matter how far you stand from the center...

> You simo disentangle in mud.
You gently release, thin branches snaking into the sticky mud and lifting you into the air. As you hang far above the ground, you turn your head to look at the park around you. It's surrounded by evenly spaced pines, tall and evergreen. People wander the boardwalk in the orange surveyor's uniform, while little red arrows painted on posts ensure that no one gets lost.

> You noticing Greasy Gallon.
Twenty feet away from the trees a rusty service cart sits alone, heaving under the weight of a heavy-set woman. She wears the traditional garb of all walkway attendants: orange cotton short shorts and an oversized yellow button-up shirt. Her short brown hair stands on end.
The words "Slimy's Swamp Safari" are written in dripping, watery letters across the back of her shirt.

> You speaking with Greasy Galloon.
"What's this place?"
"This here's the Swamp Safari! My family's run this here business for six generations now."
"What is it?"
"We take people through the swamp, within eyeshot of floating islands, hostile fauna, and nothing but nature!"
She opens a metal box on the side of her cart, pulling out a battered sign.

> You looking at the finger of Greasy Galloon as she points into a design which contains unentertaining trainspotting.
She holds the sign behind her back, and points to one of the pictures: A happy gorilla drinking from a muddy pool.
"We also take people on safari through the marsh. We got all kinds of exciting animals that you can look at and take photographs of while we tell you about 'em and such!" She smiles proudly.
"Interesting." You reply, utterly unimpressed. "I'll have twenty pounds of persimmons for the road, if you please..."

> You listening to Greasy Galloon listing the various types of bird watching available during the Swamp Safari.


> You wonder about the third option which.
The woman takes a ring of keys out of the pocket of her ugly yellow robe and unlocks a door, which squeaks open. She beckons for the four of you to follow her as she leads you inside the room and turns on the light.

> You studying artwork on walls.
On the walls of what turns out to be a small gift shop are four very basic oil paintings of swamp scenes. There's one depicting a large group of 'Cajuns' dancing in a circle around a guy with a guitar, one of alligators swimming among the reeds of the swamp, one which appears to show a 'fairy' seen from behind, and finally one of the odd tiled roof of an old shack protruding up from th long grass.

> You toying with an idea to purchase a painting.
You wonder which of the paintings is worth taking home. None of them are particularly good, but some are always more appealing than others.

> You focusing closer on the large group of dancing 'Cajuns'.
The painting is depicting the kind of scene for which these people have become almost legendary: A group of young people dancing around a musician playing a Cajun accordion. One of the younger men in the crowd has just thrown his head back in order to seize the hand of a smiling young lady dressed in a flowing blue dress, and whirl her around him, exchanging joyful glances. The musician plays on, unperturbed.

> You inspecting detail of flowing blue dress.
The style of the girl's dress tells you that it's probably not a modern painting, and is probably meant to depict life before the Big Heads took over. It's very well-painted, especially in the way it captures the light shining almost magically off the girl's flowing blue skirt as she twirls.
It's also apparent that David Menlo agrees with your assessment that this is definitely the best painting.

> You figuring out what David Menlo is doing right now.
You can easily guess what he's doing right now. He's probably sitting in his comfortable recliner at his home in New York, perhaps sipping a glass of some alcoholic beverage, the way he usually does. He's definitely feeling pleased with himself; putting on this exhibit was a risk for him, but it looks like everything turned out fine after all.

> You discovering the name the current art show.
Unsurprisingly, "David Menlo's Jub Jub Birdwatching Portfolio" sounds like a terrible idea for an art exhibit.
David Menlo is a name you haven't heard in a while. You sort of followed his career since the two of you were graduate students together at Harvard, but he kind of dropped off the map after he dropped out of graduate school.

> You remembering the reason for the difficult and laborious exit.
Laborious doesn't even begin to describe what the hell you just had to go through in order to get this hideous painting.
But it was all worth it, because now you can take this stupid painting home and it will no longer be on your mind, and like all bad memories eventually fade from your mind all together, or at least you hope it works that way.

> You streaming the adventure of Simo Beeing chasing the Cajun painting.
The link is provided here.
This concludes the first 'episode' of David Menlo- The Cajun Painting.

> You hunting the plot line of the first episode.
Strong introductory post. The characters seem like they have potential, and the world you've painted is intriguing. I'm not entirely caught up on what has come before this (I've only read 2 pages of what you've written of this story), so maybe that is why certain important characters and details aren't apparent to me as they might be to a reader who had been with you since the beginning. Obviously there are deeper reasons for New York being the way it is than a simple virus.

> You crossing off all the reasons for leaving New York.
Every reason you can think of for leaving New York City are either non-starters or represent consequences that are worse than staying in the affected area. Plus, at this point, attempting to leave is probably more dangerous than staying put, so you figure you'll do what most other folks in New York will do: Take your chances and hunker down.
You remind yourself to start keeping a few extra cans of food on hand in the apartment.

> You cleaning empty can of Salamander breakfast.
You spend the next several hours erasing your digital footprint. On the computer, you browse exclusively using Incognito mode and clear out your history and cache every time (although due to the anonymity of the Internet it's not like anyone is going to find anything that pinpoints you to your identity). You delete your Facebook account, along with any other accounts you may have had. Finally, you take all the information off of your social security card (name, DOB, etc.

> You deleting link to moaning hot flesh.
Now that you're all set to go off-grid, you put on the bulky jacket you keep in your closet just for this occasion. You take a few moments to enjoy one of your favorite movies, The Matrix trilogy , because who knows if you'll ever have the opportunity to do so again (and because it's awesome). And then, around noon, you go buy a large bundle of wooden matches and ten cans of tuna fish.

> You paying the cost of the supplies.
You stop at some skuzzy convenience store (convenience stores tend to populate the less desirable parts of any city, with the attendant increase in crime) and pick up your supplies. You feel nervous wearing your entire savings on your person, but need outweighs caution and you don't want to risk going to a different store.
As soon as you walk through the door, you're greeted by the smell of old bacon, which permeates every supermarket in the city.

> You considering how the the pork spurt senses are similar to the smell of the Greasy Galloon apartment.
The cashier at the counter is watching a small TV with his feet up.
"Hey buddy," you say, feeling slightly nervous about the fact that he's watching the sheriff's most wanted, "could you turn that down?"
"Huh? Oh yeah," the bored man responds, looking as if he's thoroughly disgusted by something. He turns down the TV and addresses you in an annoyed tone.
"What can I get for you today?

> You thinking about your needs.
You think about what you need.
"Give me a pack of Salem Menthols and a lighter."
The man flipping through the TV channels briefly pauses on a programme showing two women pleasuring one another's sexual organs. You avert your eyes - you've never been comfortable with these types of broadcasts, which the Greasy Galloon's cable companies are notorious for. Perhaps someone hacked into the network at the coffee shop? The pixelation makes it hard to identify.

> You becoming thankful with a witnessing of only a hundred pink pixels.
"You want something else?" says the attendant in a bored tone. "A rolling paper for your cigarette?"
"No, I'm good, thanks," you say, snatching my change and leaving the store.
Outside of the Greasy Galloon apartment isn't much better - although today there are two skin-crawlers making out on the pavement instead of four. You give them a wide berth as you approach the entrance to your building.

> You classifying the kissing skin-crawlers.
"Why do I feel guilty for avoiding those two?" you ponder, as you descend in the entryway of your apartment building.
The apartment building lobby is full of rubbish: a discarded sofas soaked with foul liquid, walls speckled with v stains and a rank smell of sewage pervading the air.

> You laughing that the air lost its bacon smell.
You dial the combination to your lock and rifle through your mail while fishing out your set of keys. A Netflix DVD, offers for credit cards you don't need, update from your phone company and another, scented envelope divine: Love Letters!
Well, well. Someone is in lvoe. You rip open the envelope and start reading:
Virgil,
I hope you llike this touching short story I thought about you!

> You reading short story.
The features of Mr. White were very sharp and thin, almost like a corpse. Unlike other men you had seen the expression in his eyes never changed from the blank look, as ifhe were sleepwalking all the time. It was well known that his wife had divorced him years ago on grounds ofimpotency, and linked closely to that his lack of any interesting in anything at all, and the story he told you about losing his front teeth.





