---
title:0151.can0062-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
JABO: i do not suppose either of you have seen NIKI-BIKINI
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: you mean she is not back yet? 
 
JABO: no, and i can not seem to reach her on her phone, either
 
CORONA-CLICK: i ran into her at the hospital
 she said she was assisting in SIMON-BEEING's 
transfer
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: should be happening any time now
 
JABO: SIMON-BEEING back behind bars where he belongs
 you know what? 
 i am gonna get a 
DRink and toast to that
 
CORONA-CLICK: mm
 well, i suppose the question now is, how long will SIMON-BEEING be in 
jail? 
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: my dear, if there's any justice in this world


 
owen: there is
 count on it
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: hello, mr
 pomerantz
 
owen: i saw you speaking with mr
 BRANKSY
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: mm-hmm
 
owen: has he informed you that i am launching an investigation into what went 
on at his family's cabin? 
 
CORONA-CLICK: we are aware of that
 
owen: if SIMON-BEEING was held against his will, threatened with violence or forced 
to take part in a kangaroo court, as he is publicly alleged, the people 
responsible will face charges, no matter how influential they may be
 i intend 
to get to the bottom of whatever it was that happened
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: mm, mr
 pomerantz, we will assist you any way we can
 
owen: i appreciate that
 pardon me
 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: all right, some "sham-pag-knee"


 
SNAKE-CROTCH: yay
 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: for the lady
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: thank you
 how's THEIDOCIDY-JONES? 
 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: she is awesome
 even when she is sleeping, she is awesome
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: yeah, she is awesome
 she is your daughter
 of course she is
 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: i really enjoyed spending some time alone with her while KISSING-GAMES came 
down here
 then ZILLION-FLOWERS showed up
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: i thought that was very nice of KISSING-GAMES to tell ZILLION-FLOWERS to go check on 
THEIDOCIDY-JONES
 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: you know, she is not in a good place right now
 i am really glad that 
neil is with her
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: he is one of the good guys--neil-- like you are one of the good guys
 
(laughs) 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: oh, yeah
 oh, do you hear that? 
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: yes
 (laughs) 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: this is my song
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: (chuckles) 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: let's go dance
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: this is not your song
 i can not dance
 you should ask your sister
 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: no, i want to dance with my wife
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: are you sure? 
 are you sure? 
 because i am in a wheelchair, and that is 
quite a feat
 
PHUCKLE-PHYAN: given what is coming from the d
a
, we need to enjoy ourselves while we 
can, so come on
 and by the way, this is my song
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: (laughs) i am taking this with me
 hello
 
