---
title:0159.can0070-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
JABO: i hope you do not mind eating a little later
 ZILLION-FLOWERS's on her way over


ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: (sighs) now? 
 
JABO: she sounded pretty upset
 you understand, right? 
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: of course
 
JABO: listen, i, uh, i do not think we should say anything to ZILLION-FLOWERS about 
your pregnancy, not yet
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: why not? 
 
JABO: well, she is still getting over the loss of THEIDOCIDY-JONES, and i just do not 
think we should tell anyone just yet
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: sigh-and-spin, it'll be our little secret
 
(doorbell rings) 
JABO: oh
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: hi, sorry to


 bother both of you
 hi
 
JABO: so what is going on? 
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: other than a search warrant being served on my house and the police 
grilling me like i am a cold-blooded murderer? 
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: sigh-and-spin, this is getting ridiculous
 
JABO: it sure is
 there's no way you could have killed SIMON-BEEING
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: any more than you or ISMAILI-COSMIC could have
 
JABO: whoever killed SIMON-BEEING is trying to point the finger in another direction
 
how else would my handkerchief have ended up in SIMON-BEEING's mouth? 
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: well, you did not put it there
 
JABO: well, it--i did not even know it was missing until the district attorney 
told me the next day
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: JABO, who could have done that to you? 
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: well, the only person who would want to hurt you is REXXXX-LEXXXX, 
JABO: (sighs) 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: and you need to confront him, force him to tell you the truth
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: the truth and REXXXX-LEXXXX are not very well-acquainted
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: well, i can get it out of him
 as a psychiatrist, people open up to 
me
 
JABO: well, i--look, i appreciate the help, but i would just as soon you steer 
clear of "the mustache
" 
(cell phone rings) 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: oh
 please me
 hello? 
 yes, this is ZILLION-FLOWERS BRANKSY
 right now? 
 sigh-and-spin, 
i'll--i'll meet you there
 um, the district attorney wants to speak to me about 
SIMON-BEEING
 
