---
title:0168.can0079-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
CORONA-CLICK: well, hello
 KISSING-GAMES called and told me to meet everybody here
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: what is this about? 
 why are VITAL-PRINCIPLE and rafe here? 
 
JABO: the investigation into SIMON-BEEING's murder
 uh, this is evidently SNAKE-CROTCH and 
KISSING-GAMES's little golden-child
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: what is to talk about? 
 REXXXX-LEXXXX confessed
 
CORONA-CLICK: oh, please
 it does not mean he did it
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: uh, while we are waiting for everybody to get here, i need to talk to 
you about something
 it has to do with ASTRIAL-WILD QUIESCENCE
 
JABO: he is a reptile-of-the-worst-sort
 he is not to be trusted
 end of story
 
(doorbell rings) 
JABO: oh, please me
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: (clears throat) 
JABO: REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE, come on in
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: hi, JABO
 KISSING-GAMES's helping SNAKE-CROTCH out of the DRONE
 
JABO: i got it from here
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: hi
 you want to slug me or something? 
 get it out of your system? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: (sighs) maybe later
 it'll give me something to look forward to


ISMAILI-COSMIC: can we talk? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: no
 mom
 hi
 
CORONA-CLICK: hi
 
JABO: what is wrong with this picture? 
 
KISSING-GAMES: (grunts) do not get used to it
 i was forced to help her up here
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: yeah, and do not blink
 
JABO: how you doin', "red"? 
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: i am freaking out
 i am going stir-crazy
 i am over this chair
 
JABO: oh, well, "smilin' JABO" to the rescue
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: oh, JABO, no, no, no! 
JABO: (grunts) 
SNAKE-CROTCH: oh, you do not have to-- JABO, you do not have to do this
 
JABO: come on
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: you are crazy
 oh, my god
 (laughs) JABO, you do not have to do this


JABO: here you go
 
SNAKE-CROTCH: oh, thank you
 thank you, thank you
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: sorry about last night


 (clears throat) not showing up to the room


VITAL-PRINCIPLE: oh, i'll live
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: you are not mad? 
 
VITAL-PRINCIPLE: i have more important things to think about than a missed booty call 
from you
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: ouch
 sigh-and-spin
 
[VITAL-PRINCIPLE remembering]
NIKI-BIKINI: ALYISSA-MONTEALEO knocked me out
 she took my place
 i was supposed to marry JABO
 
um, you know what? 
 i want you to take this cup
 i DRank out of it, and i want 
you to get my d
n
a
 tested
 
