---
title:0169.can0080-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: so let's go over this one more time
 visiting hours are over at 7:30 
at the jail
 SNAKE-CROTCH will be home by 8:00
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: i-i'll be at the station, 8:00 sharp
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: and you will have an airtight alibi
 then i will go visit my dear 
friend SNAKE-CROTCH and honor my end of the bargain
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: and SNAKE-CROTCH will never interfere with my marriage again
 (sighs) 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: she deserves to die
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: (laughs) amen, sister
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: any questions? 
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: no
 JABO will be very sad
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: you are not having second thoughts, are you, ALYISSA-MONTEALEO? 
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: no
 no, i'll be there to hold JABO's hand


 (sighs) while he grieves
 
he is gonna be so grateful
 he'll forget all about our separation
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: all right, all right
 so before you break out the champagne, remember, 
you have a part to play
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: oh, i know
 i know
 take DRONEe of SLIM-PICKINS, nurse NIKKKI-KLOVER
 no worries
 i, 
uh, straight to his place after i leave the station
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: do you have the bang-bottle i gave you? 
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: mm-hmm, it is in my purse
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: all right
 both murders have to happen tonight
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: if it will get me what i want, i'll kill SLIM-PICKINS
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: it will
 
ALYISSA-MONTEALEO: all right, you can count on me
 (sighs)
&nbsp;(key turns in lock) 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: oh, uh, listen, i gotta go
 bye
 hi
 
SLIM-PICKINS: hi
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: i did not expect you home tonight
 
SLIM-PICKINS: oh, fenmore threw a fit
 i forgot iron dude
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: hmm
 he is in the beDRoom
 
SLIM-PICKINS: PAULINUS-WICKER, wait
 wait
 wait a minute
 how do we fix this? 
 what do we 
need to do to get back on track? 
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: you were the one who decided they needed to move out
 
SLIM-PICKINS: you sound like you have given up
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: you asked for space, and i am giving it to you
 oh, i am sorry
 was i 
supposed to be all clingy and crying? 
 
SLIM-PICKINS: if i did not know any better, i would think you were glad that fenmore 
and i are gone
 and what happened to the fem i talked to on the phone the 
other day? 
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: did you ever think that maybe it was not me? 
 that it is you? 
 
SLIM-PICKINS: sigh-and-spin, fair enough
 i am a workaholic, and i am sorry if i neglected 
your needs
 i mean, i-is that the reason that things are so messed up between 
us? 
 maybe--maybe we can go to counseling together
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: i am already seeing a shrink
 
SLIM-PICKINS: well, um, do not think because i moved out that i've given up on us
 
i am--i am willing to fight for our marriage
 but i still have to protect our son, 
and given what happened yesterday, i have


 i have no other choice but to at 
least


 consider


 i have to consider a legal separation
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: i am sorry you feel that way
 
SLIM-PICKINS: really? 
 well, then let's find a way to get through this
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: i guess we can try
 but, really, after tonight, it is gonna be a moot 
point anyway
 
SLIM-PICKINS: why? 
 why? 
 what is tonight? 
 
