---
title:0181.can0092-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: (groans) (sighs) 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: i think my head's gonna explode
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: yeah, i think mine already did
 (groans) where are we? 
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: i do not know, but the bed is swinging
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: (sighs) i thought that was the room
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: mnh-mnh
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: could you please make it stop? 
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: (groans) fine
 fine
 oh, dude
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: (moans) (sighs) 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: (groans) 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: sigh-and-spin, i think we landed
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: yeah
 yeah
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: (exhales) 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: (groans) 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: ISMAILI-COSMIC? 
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: yeah? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: i think we were together last night
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: yeah, we were, um, mm-hmm, right--right-- right here
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: no, i-i do not mean here
 (sighs) i mean on the beach with some 
jamaicans and a lot of rum
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: (moans) i remember the rum
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: (sighs) 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: i remember the rum, and i remember the limbo bar
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: uh, wa


 (sighs) was that before or after the dancing? 
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: that was after the dancing, before we got married
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: right
 we DRank, and we danced
 we DRank, and we did the limbo, and 
we DRank, and we got married
 (gasps) 
together: we got married? 
! 
(knock on door) 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: i would never marry you
 there's just no way
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: yeah, well, i would not marry you, either, sigh-and-spin? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: i-- 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: so obviously this is just some weird mistake
 this is not--it did not 
happen
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: yeah, apparently
 yes, i am sure it is just the hangover


 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: it is definitely the hangover
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: messing with our heads or some


 something like that
 (sighs) 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: coming
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: oh
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: what does it say? 
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: it says


 (sighs) "congratulations, newlyweds
 from your smokin' 
jamaican buddies
" 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: oh, my god
 we are married
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: yep
 (sobs) 
