---
title:0198.can0109-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
fem: easy, champ
 you have got a pretty bad bump there
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: how did i get in here? 
 
fem: i found you outside unconscious
 the cook helped me DRag you in
 are 
you feelin' a little dizzy, mr
 BEEING? 
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: how do you know my name? 
 
fem: (scoffs) everyone on the planet knows your name, i think
 besides, uh, 
i found this outside next to you, but no cash, no credit DRONEds
 they left you 
your license, though
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: where's my phone? 
 
fem: i did not see one
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: (sighs) the last thing i remember, i walked out of here
 
fem: well, i am guessing shaw roberts jumped you from behind
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: (sighs) is he the boat captain? 
 
fem: that is the one
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: where do i find him? 
 
fem: (scoffs) i do not know
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: well, what do you mean, "you do not know"? 
 he must come here often
 
i am sure you see him
 
fem: what if he does? 
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: let me ask you something
 please remember
 did you see him talk to my 
son? 
 
fem: it gets pretty loud in here, sigh-and-spin? 
 
fem: are you sigh-and-spin? 
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: (exhales) a little woozy
 whoa
 i guess he hit me pretty good
 
(exhales slowly) 
fem: do you want anything? 
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: no, nothing right now
 let me ask you, do you think that


 that 
captain guy, is he the one who took my son out on the boat? 
 i am sure you know a 
lot more than you are letting on
 i'll really make it worth your while
 
fem: (sighs) 
