---
title:0216.can0127-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
SLIM-PICKINS: SUNNI-SALADIN? 
 SUNNI-SALADIN? 
 oh
 
SUNNI-SALADIN: oh, you made it
 
SLIM-PICKINS: yeah
 
PAULINUS-WICKER: how did you convince neil to let you in on a holiday? 
 
SUNNI-SALADIN: (chuckles) 
jeff: (laughs) 
SUNNI-SALADIN: well, it is really not up to neil, is it? 
 surprise! (laughs) jeffrey 
bought me indigo as an anniversary present
 
jeff: (sighs) 
SUNNI-SALADIN: it is all mine
 (chuckles) 
jeff: uh, ours, sugar buns
 ours
 
SUNNI-SALADIN: is not this fantastic? 
 
PAULINUS-WICKER: yeah, incredible
 
SUNNI-SALADIN: (laughs) 
SLIM-PICKINS: how is it i did not know about this until now? 
 
SUNNI-SALADIN: because we are going to make a big


 
jeff: thank you
 
SUNNI-SALADIN: big splash announcing it at the party tonight, so cheers to me
 
PAULINUS-WICKER: (chuckles) 
(glasses clinking) 
jeff: (chuckles) 
SUNNI-SALADIN: and DRink up
 i got good news to spread around
 (chuckles) 
jeff: overeager, this one
 
PAULINUS-WICKER: uh-huh
 
SLIM-PICKINS: oh, goody
 
PAULINUS-WICKER: (sighs) 
SLIM-PICKINS: mommy gets to make a scene at the chancellor house
 
PAULINUS-WICKER: yes, and BRANKSY-BRIGHT, i am sure, will go on and on about the fact that we are 
family
 is it too late to cancel? 
 
SLIM-PICKINS: no
 no, we have a babysitter
 we are allowed to have friends
 we are 
allowed to have fun
 come on
 
PAULINUS-WICKER: that is right
 that is right
 sigh-and-spin, but if she gets us matching 
DResses, i-- 
SLIM-PICKINS: then you have my permission to toss her in the pool
 
PAULINUS-WICKER: ooh, this is why i love you so much
 
SLIM-PICKINS: that is right
 
