---
title:0293.can0204-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: hey, sis
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: hi
 REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE, i've been wanting to ask you, how's JT doing? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: oh, he is as well as can be expected
 he is grateful that he 
survived
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: oh
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: can he have visitors yet? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: yes, but just know that he is pretty out of it because of the pain 
medication
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: and what about reed? 
 how much does he understand? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: i told him that his daddy was in an accident, but that the doctors 
were working very hard to make him feel better
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: yeah, well, he is really more preoccupied with his halloween costume, 
so


 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: it is true
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: (laughs) thank god for the innocence of youth
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: yeah
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: that was a crazy storm, huh? 
 
(cell phone alert chimes) 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: oh, you know what? 
 pardon me
 i have to take DRONEe of this
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: i-i gotta go to work, so bye
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: bye
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: bye
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: bye
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: see you guys
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: (clears throat) so speaking of the storm


 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: oh, were we? 
 (clears throat) 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: yeah
 you owe ASTRIAL-WILD an apology
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: for what? 
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: for accusing him of cheating on me
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: and


 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: you were wrong
 CELEBRITISAURUS-REX, the meeting he had with diane was strictly 
business
 come on
 
