---
title: 0339.alligatortitle
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
EXT. TITLE SCREEN - MORNING
From out of the shadows an eye of an evil alligator appears. The title appears on the screen pushing the audeince to click to begin the expierence. 
One the intial action is complete then three cards in a vertical row appear over the blinking eye. Inside the cards are an icon containing the plus symbol ready for activation.
FADE TO BLACK

FADE IN:

CLOSE UP ON CRT SCREEN
The borders of the screen reflect the vibe of CRT montiers. sticker is present on one of the corners that reflect the politics of CAMP INDIANS
CAMP
I need to check the number of deliveries which made it out today
Control of the character is returned.   
A crt screen is parked in the corner of a neat shack.
THE IMAGE IS A DIGITAL ILLUSTRATION OF A SMALL WOODEN HOUSEBOAT IN THE MIDDLE OF A SWAMPY AREA. THE HOUSEBOAT IS OLD AND WEATHERED, WITH A SLOPING ROOF AND A LARGE WHEEL ON THE FRONT. IT IS SURROUNDED BY TALL REEDS AND TREES, AND THERE IS A PERSON SITTING ON A SMALL BOAT IN FRONT OF IT. THE SKY IS ORANGE AND YELLOW, AND THE SUN IS SETTING IN THE BACKGROUND, CASTING A WARM GLOW OVER THE SCENE. THE OVERALL MOOD OF THE IMAGE IS PEACEFUL AND SERENE.

DORIAN: Gordeau!
DORIAN: Gordeau!
TROOPER : What is it now, Mr Red?
DORIAN: Still no word from my mother?
TROOPER : Look, Red, I did you a favor last night.
TROOPER: I did not have to allow you to make that communication.
TROOPER : Now you whine like a Presidental Candiadate.
Nicholas: You are the one with the passwords.
TROOPER : Incoming face times are at four.
TROOPER : Got it?
Nicholas: Sure.
TROOPER : Bravo.
DORIAN: Fill yourself with greater understanding one more time.
TROOPER : Realize the truth, boy beautiful.
TROOPER : Notice any O'keefees on these fabulous walls
TROOPER : You are not standing in the middle of your mother's multi national corperation. 
TROOPER: There are no specail privelages down here.
DORIAN: I just need to know if my heart is all right.
TROOPER : You never even gave me a word of thanks for last time.
DORIAN: Should I thank you for breathing so fouly. 
TROOPER: You will not be here for long with that pissy attitude.
DORIAN: I will grin wide for the cameras.
TROOPER: The cameras are all upstairs.
TROOPER: Down here in the sewers anything goes with glopratchet dealers like you. 

----- 
[SNAKE-CROTCH remembering]
SNAKE-CROTCH: i hate her
 i hate her
 i hate SIMON-BEEING
 i hate them
 and right now--i am 
sorry-- but i hate you