---
title: 0353.can0000-lawtitle
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
REXXIE : I percieve Blangus provided you with nothing in the terms of information.
MR LAW : I worked him but got noting but slience in return.
MR LAW : Dorian is the only one he will speak with.
DORIAN : He better do more than whimper.
DORIAN : I am after him.
REXXIE : Its past time for you to chill.
DORIAN : I wish I could enjoy that luxuy.
DORIAN : His possible death puts me a little more than on edge.
DORIAN : There are some maggots left inside his rotted brain.
DORIAN : He wants to share and I need it.
REXXIE : Do not travel to him now. 
REXXIE : It will only bring more misfortune.
REXXIE : Listen to you mother for once.
REXXIE : I speak with certainty.
DORIAN : There is more going on here than his murder at my hands.
DORIAN : I'd perfer to see him live out his wretched existance crippled and alone.
REXXIE : You must chill, Dorian!
REXXIE : You are losing your focus.
REXXIE : Continue at great risk.
DORIAN : Blangus needs only my head to mettle with now.
REXXIE : You must be careful.
REXXIE : He owns a plan and we do not know what he is after.
REXXIE : What makes you belive you can get a confession?
REXXIE : Blangus is fully aware of your power and the concequinces.
REXXIE : His cunning is under question but his hatred of you is not.
REXXIE : I can only sense this is an attempt to trigger something in you that can not be escaped.
REXXIE : If you follow his lead and step outside you will certainly return underground.
Mr Law : My software notices Dorian has become fiercely emotional in this matter.
Sharon : He certianly is angry, Mr L.A.W.
Sharon : If you could feel you would know that what happens when wives get beaten.
DORIAN : I will take an oath to stay calm when we meet.
DORIAN : Blangus will only open up when I am there.
REXXIE : He is sick and not playing with a full deck. 
REXXIE : Beware of indulging in any of his corrupt games.
DORIAN : The family must get him to speak. 
DORIAN : I do not want to spend any more of my life in that cell.
DORIAN : Do you think I enjoy thinking about him touching her?
REXXIE : You are right. I am so very sorry. No one can truly grasp how that affects you.
Sharon : It is going to ok Dorain.
Sharon : Just remember your mother saved me before things got really bad.
DORIAN : I can not believe I let this happen to you.
Sharon : Baby. We are going to make it out shiny and happy.
Sharon : For the rest of our lives we will be safe.
Sharon : There is nothing more to worry about except one thing.
Sharon : And that is your self control when confronting Blangus.
DORIAN : I will keep it together.
REXXIE : Bee certian?
DORIAN : I am, Mom.
DORIAN : We need to leave.
DORIAN : We do not even know if he is still alive.
REXXIE : Baby, it hard what you are going through.
REXXIE : Just remember we are counting on you.
REXXIE : Loose your cool, do anything out of line, the Agents come, and back to the cell you.
DORIAN : This i have got.
REXXIE : We believe it.
REXXIE : MR L.A.W.
MR LAW : Yes.
REXXIE : My boy needs to speak Blangus.
MR LAW : Do you wish to speak to him?
REXXIE : MR LAW, my tone was perfectly clear.
MR LAW : Can you emotionally deal with an encounter?
DORIAN : For sure.
DORIAN : Let him speak; I will cut between the lies and deliver the truth.
DORIAN : This will not go poorly, Dad.
MR LAW : I am moving forward with your request.
MR LAW : However, I need one thing before your visit.

