---
title:0356.canchoose-you-chain
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
FAITH:
WANT, is that you? 

WANT:
Always and forever.

FAITH:
And your mind is right?

WANT:
Yes. I am home.

FAITH:
Then let us get started. 
It is the Friday of December 17 in Year Two of our Lord.
The time is 5:44 in the morning.
We will lose four bounded today.
The first one goes in five minutes and fourty four seconds. 
Who would you like to save?
We have enough honey for one. 

WANT:
Wait. 
What.
How could four die today?

FAITH: 
The Okeenoke Snow Swamp Hive suffered a devestating Fire Snake attack, remember.

WANT: 
None of our other hives where able to increase production.

FAITH: 
The Hive of Reebeeka Beeing was most unrightous.
Still none of the others will cover her lack.
The decision bodes terribly for all of us. 
You have the responsiblity now so make the most of it.
And you will.

WANT: 
Take some from my pool. 
I can suffer a few more wrinkles until we flourist again.

FAITH: 
At the risk of adding more choas into the system.
MEDIA would never allow it.

KBAR: Travel through a broadband channel and get it past her

FAITH: None are available to us anymore 

(pause 4 seconds)

KBAR: 
I see 
Well then let be quick about it and get on about our business
Who would you suggest

FAITH: 
Billy Fae Peters aka Billy Fae Bots

KBAR: 
What are her qualities

FAITH:
Strong Willed 
Transgendered Trailer Trash  
Exists in Two places at once
Never says die 
Her heart explodes first in 64 mins and 13 secs

KBAR: 
How many sins 

FAITH: 
She would be dead before we could finish processing them all

KBAR:
Does she believe in us 

FAITH:
Yes


