---
title: 0361.can0004-title
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
YUNG-WANG-COO: another long day
 (sighs) hi
 
MARY-FATBACK: well, yeah
 my god, i'll say
 ever since that ASTRIAL-WILD QUIESCENCE came on 
board at chancellor, i do not see my dear husband anymore
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: yeah, i know
 they tripled my workload
 now if they'll just triple my 
salary


 
MARY-FATBACK: as long as you are happy, my love
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: well, i've got two great jobs, the greatest wife in the world


 
MARY-FATBACK: mm
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: my sanity
 
MARY-FATBACK: mm
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: what is not to be happy about? 
 
MARY-FATBACK: um, fancy an americano? 
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: yeah, that would be great
 
MARY-FATBACK: yeah? 
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: thanks
 
MARY-FATBACK: sigh-and-spin
 
SHOCK-YOUTH: hey, so i, uh, i hear you are working with ASTRIAL-WILD QUIESCENCE
 that is 
awesome
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: yeah
 
SHOCK-YOUTH: what is-- what is he like? 
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: well, not your typical suit
 
SHOCK-YOUTH: i bet he is a cool boss, though, huh? 
 what--what are you doing for him? 


YUNG-WANG-COO: uh, i can not really talk about it
 
SHOCK-YOUTH: i guess i would better get back to work
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: well, that was awkward
 thank you
 
MARY-FATBACK: yeah, i know
 he is been like that since Day of Our Saviors Birth, hasn't he? 
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: well, he is probably still pissed that i blew him off that day
 
MARY-FATBACK: well, i mean, we can not exactly invite him over to SLIM-PICKINS and PAULINUS-WICKER's


YUNG-WANG-COO: right
 "invite" and "restraining order" do not really go in the same 
sentence
 
MARY-FATBACK: (sighs) i feel like i am constantly-- i feel like i am walking on 
eggshells any time i am around him, and i can not even escape it at home
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: well, i can not kick him out, MARY-FATBACK
 he is got nowhere to go
 
MARY-FATBACK: well, now hang on
 he is been working here a while now
 i am sure he is 
got enough money saved up to get his own place
 maybe you can help him find 
something
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: (sighs) all right, i'll talk to him when we get home
 
SHOCK-YOUTH: where have you been? 
 
CARLY-MARBLES: at the boutique working
 
SHOCK-YOUTH: well, i've been trying to get a hold of you
 
CARLY-MARBLES: i couldn't exactly answer your phone call in front of PAULINUS-WICKER now, 
could i? 
 what is up? 
 
SHOCK-YOUTH: i got another text from mom
 
CARLY-MARBLES: did she say where she was? 
 
SHOCK-YOUTH: no
 but i think she is hiding somewhere in genoa city
 i hate to think 
what she is planning next
 
