---
title: 0429.can0056-title
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
CORONA-CLICK: so what time are you planning on heading over there? 
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: soon
 what are your plans for the evening? 
 
CORONA-CLICK: i have not even thought that far ahead
 if there's anything i can do to 
help you get through this, please tell me
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: (sighs) you are doing it already
 
(doorbell rings) 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: you expecting anyone? 
 
CORONA-CLICK: no
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: hmm, let me see
 
KISSING-GAMES: hi, REXXXX-LEXXXX
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: KISSING-GAMES, come in
 
KISSING-GAMES: sigh-and-spin
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: what can we do for you? 
 
KISSING-GAMES: well, before we all head over to ZILLION-FLOWERS's, i just wanted to say how 
sorry i am
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: thank you
 
CORONA-CLICK: that is very kind of you, KISSING-GAMES
 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: well, you must be very happy about the possibility of being reunited 
with your baby
 
KISSING-GAMES: let's just see how the test results come out first
 
(front door closes) 
REXXXX-LEXXXX: sigh-and-spin
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: have any of you seen this? 
 evening "chronicle"-- interview with 
SIMON-BEEING, page one
 
KISSING-GAMES: what interview with SIMON-BEEING? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: BRANKSY-BRIGHT BRANKSY did a sit-down with him
 then she posted it online
 the 
mainstream media picked it up
 did anybody know about this? 
 
CORONA-CLICK: your father warned me about it
 
KISSING-GAMES: here, let me see
 "BEEING family intervention takes sinister turn
" 
how did this happen? 
 
