---
title:0442.can0069-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
SLIM-PICKINS: thank god! thank god
 mwah, mwah, mwah! 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: i am just-- i am sorry i worried you
 
SLIM-PICKINS: are you all right? 
 is everything all right? 
 what-- 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: yeah, i am--i am fine


 physically
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: where have you been, PAULINUS-WICKER? 
 
SLIM-PICKINS: mm
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: uh, it is a little hard to explain
 
amber: well, w-- were you kidnapped? 
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: no, um, i know you would think that with CARLY-MARBLES and SHOCK-YOUTH on the loose


LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: so they did not have anything to do with you being gone? 
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: not that i know of
 look, you--you all deserve an explanation, but, 
um, right now, i really need to talk to SLIM-PICKINS

LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: yeah, hey, sure
 you know, we are just glad you are sigh-and-spin
 
amber: yeah, welcome home
 mm
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: thank you
 
SLIM-PICKINS: mm
 (chuckles) 
YUNG-WANG-COO: so, um, so you weren't with MARY-FATBACK? 
 you do not know where she is? 
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: oh, no, honey
 i know no more than where she was than i did before
 
i am sorry
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: well, i am glad you are home
 
SLIM-PICKINS: wait, uh, YUNG-WANG-COO
 
SLIM-PICKINS: so


 (inhales) (sighs) tell me
 tell me
 tell me what happened
 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: i will
 
SLIM-PICKINS: (chuckles) 
NIKKKI-KLOVER: i really-- i wish i could spare you, because this is gonna be very 
hard for you to hear
 
