---
title: 0473.can0100-title
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: (chuckles) (groans) mm
 mm
 mm
 mm
 mm
 mm


 (chuckles) 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: (sighs) 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: hmm? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: (sighs) what time is it? 
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: it is morning, for sure
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: wait
 hold on
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: huh? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: it is morning? 
 i slept here? 
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: (yawns) you did sleep here
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: oh, my gosh, i can not believe i slept here
 i slept here? 
 (sighs)

ISMAILI-COSMIC: yep
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: sigh-and-spin, where's, um, where's that-- where's my thing? 
 my-- 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: you looking for this? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: thank you
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: want that? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: give me that
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: (chuckles) oh, what is the problem? 
 you spent the night with your 
husband
 (chuckles) 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: yeah, well


 (sighs) you being my husband is actually the problem


ISMAILI-COSMIC: oh, i am sorry, honey
 "snookums," did i not take out the garbage last 
night? 
 huh? 
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: you know what? 
 (sighs) you did not get an annulment like you 
promised
 that is what you did not do
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: neither did you
 (chuckles) 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: you really do not seem to grasp the severity of this whole thing, do 
you? 
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: sigh-and-spin, enlighten me, my sexy, beautiful wife
 
REXXXXIE-LEXXXXIE: oh, my gosh
 it is not that we are married, sigh-and-spin? 
 it is that we are 
acting married
 
ISMAILI-COSMIC: (laughs) 
