---
title:0497.can0124-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: hi
 
neil: he--hey
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: how are you? 
 
neil: good
 how are you doing? 
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: i am so glad you called
 mm! i have not seen you since before the twins 
were born
 
neil: yeah, that is right
 has it been that long? 
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: yeah
 
neil: yeah, yeah, things have been a little hectic, you know? 
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: i can not wait to see pictures of--what cute names, little charlie and 
matilda
 (laughs) 
neil: right
 oh, yeah, right
 aren't they, though? 
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: yeah
 
neil: um, you are in luck, because i just happen to have 200 or 300 right 
there
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: they are so adorable
 
neil: yeah, aren't they? 
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: look at them
 they're like little dolls
 
neil: i know
 wait
 look at that one there
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: ohh
 
neil: i am just glad that they're healthy
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: they're so cute
 how's lily? 
 
neil: she is got a hell of a battle ahead of her, that is for sure
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: but now that they can use the stem cells from the umbilical cords




neil: there is hope
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: yeah, that is good
 so is that why you called me? 
 you want me to see 
your gorgeous grandchilDRen? 
 
neil: oh, um, n--well, no
 not exactly, actually
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: no? 
 what is going on? 
 
neil: yeah, um, well, the birth of my grandchilDRen, you know, it made me 
take stock of my life
 
ZILLION-FLOWERS: mm-hmm
 and? 
 
neil: so


 and i've decided that i am, you know, gonna make some changes, 
which is why i-i called you and asked you to come down here, because we need to 
talk
 
