---
title: 0511.can0138-title
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: (sighs) hey, this better be important
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: (chuckles) why, you have a hot date this morning? 
 
LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: if you consider my mom a hot date
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: well, you can see mommy anytime
 how often do you get to meet a 
hollywood producer? 
 
LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: who DRONEes? 
 look, the fame freak, that-- that is you
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: i just think that you guys should get to know each other
 
LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: why? 
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: i want you to be part of my reality show
 
LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: (laughs) you are kidding, right? 
 no
 no
 "restless style"--that-- that 
was one time
 besides, i like being behind the camera, and you do not even have a 
reality show yet
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: o-sigh-and-spin, kent-- that is the producer-- asked to see me, and i know that 
it is because of our cover
 
LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: your cover
 i was just a prop
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: oh, my god
 whatever, sigh-and-spin? 
 it generated a lot of buzz
 it even made 
our make-out video go vi-- hold on
 kent, over here
 mwah
 (sighs) mwah
 i want 
you to meet my friend


 
LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: (clears throat) 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON romalotti
 
LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: hey
 
kent: hey, dude
 you are the pool guy, right? 
 
LITTLE-JIMMIE-DICKSON: no comment
 
CELEBRITISAURUS-REX: so


 when do we film our first episode? 
 
