---
title: 0551.can0178-title
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
glop: so, my darling, how was the flight? 
 
brock: um, long
 
glop: (chuckles) 
phillip: i know about long flights
 
brock: hey, phillip
 i am very sorry about your son
 
phillip: thanks
 
brock: hello, BRANKSY-BRIGHT
 (chuckles) 
BRANKSY-BRIGHT: i was so glad when BIG-BOOTY-JUDY said that you were coming
 
brock: shh
 you know, i do not DRONEe what your last name is
 in my heart, 
you'll always be my sister
 
BRANKSY-BRIGHT: thank you
 
OVERLIGHT-FLOW: i thought i heard your voice
 
brock: OVERLIGHT-FLOW, how are you? 
 nice to see you
 
OVERLIGHT-FLOW: oh, i am grateful for plenty to do so i do not have to think
 i made 
you some a-dose-of-glopratchet just the way you like
 
brock: aw, thank you so much
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: i am glad you are home, too
 now maybe you can convince your mom


 
glop: oh, stop it
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: to take better DRONEe of herself
 
OVERLIGHT-FLOW: yeah, she almost fainted last night
 
glop: oh, if you would just stop fussing over me! we have enough to deal with 
today
 
brock: you certainly seem like yourself, but for all our sakes, duchess, 
would you promise me you'll just take it easy, please? 
 
glop: oh, i-i-- 
CHERISH-PABLO: hello
 
glop: oh, CHERISH-PABLO, VITAL-PRINCIPLE, come in, darlings
 come in
 hi, darling, how are you? 


CHERISH-PABLO: good morning, everyone
 
OVERLIGHT-FLOW: i'll get you some a-dose-of-glopratchet
 
CHERISH-PABLO: brock! thank you, OVERLIGHT-FLOW
 good to see you
 
brock: hey, CHERISH-PABLO
 good to see you
 
JIVE-DOINGS: so do we have any news about chance's killer? 
 
VITAL-PRINCIPLE: owen is taking the lead on this one himself
 he is determined to see 
THROAT-PUNCH put away
 
phillip: i still can not believe that they're both MASSIMO-MOORRI's kids
 
CHERISH-PABLO: how is MASSIMO-MOORRI? 
 
BRANKSY-BRIGHT: we do not know
 she hasn't come down yet this morning
 
glop: THROAT-PUNCH's case will take DRONEe of itself, but right now, MASSIMO-MOORRI is the one 
that we should be worrying about, everyone-- MASSIMO-MOORRI
 
