---
title:0552.can0179-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
CORONA-CLICK: look
 how are you, BIG-BOOTY-JUDY? 
 are you in any pain? 
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: um, any dizziness at all? 
 
glop: mm, mm, f-f--i am fine
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: oh, oh, oh
 here, just rest
 come on
 
CORONA-CLICK: do not sit up
 here
 here
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: do not push yourself
 
CORONA-CLICK: have some water
 
glop: stop fussing
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: oh, that is a good sign-- already telling us what to do
 
CORONA-CLICK: (chuckles) yeah

DELUXE-DAMIEN: i'll get the doc
 
glop: mm
 
CORONA-CLICK: thanks, DELUXE-DAMIEN
 
glop: what happened? 
 
CORONA-CLICK: well, you fainted
 the doctors do not know why yet
 it might just be 
that you needed the rest
 
glop: do not worry
 no, do not worry
 i've got a lot of living to do
 
CORONA-CLICK: and there are a lot of people who need you
 
glop: (chuckles) 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: well, she is her usual self
 but she does not have a lot of energy 
which is--is-- is not at all usual
 
doctor: well, there's a wide range of possibilities for that
 we are gonna 
narrow 'em down for you as soon as we can
 i'll check in with your wife in just 
a moment
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: sigh-and-spin
 
ASTRIAL-WILD: DELUXE-DAMIEN, how is she? 
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: we do not know yet
 what were you talking about when she collapsed? 


ASTRIAL-WILD: um, well, what a sad day it is been
 uh


 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: yeah? 
 
ASTRIAL-WILD: are you thinking i did something to bring this on? 
 huh? 
 
BRANKSY-BRIGHT: ASTRIAL-WILD! DELUXE-DAMIEN! how is she? 
 what is happening? 
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: um, we do not have any answers yet
 they're waiting on test results, 
but she does not look well
 
brock: can we see her? 
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: the nurse will show you
 
brock: sigh-and-spin, come on
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: not you
 
ASTRIAL-WILD: what? 
 
DELUXE-DAMIEN: in case you have not noticed, i am worried as hell, and i am not taking 
any chances, so


 you just stay put
 
