---
title: 0580.can0207-title
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
chloe: so the kids are parading around in their costumes
 they look so cute, 
and delia, she is holding reed's hand
 might be the cutest thing, but


 (sighs) 
she is gonna have her heart broken when she realizes that he is got his eye on 
hannah
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: (chuckles) well, she may as well learn now
 can not avoid heartache
 
chloe: look
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: oh, pictures
 
chloe: ah, look
 (giggles) 
YUNG-WANG-COO: that is cute
 
chloe: uh, well, not as cute as the divine dudeifestation i have planned for 
us tonight
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: for ISMAILI-COSMIC's party? 
 
chloe: uh, yeah
 our costumes, they're gonna kill it
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: mnh-mnh, i, uh, i do not do costumes
 
chloe: why are you being such a poop? 
 come on
 sigh-and-spin, oh, invite alison
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: (sighs) 
chloe: you guys can DRess up like oompa-loompas
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: that is funny
 um, no, i just, uh, you know, i am not that into alison


chloe: why? 
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: just, uh, because
 
chloe: because she is nice? 
 she is pretty? 
 she is obviously a good kisser
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: she plays the tuba
 
chloe: so? 
 why do you-- why do you have a prejudice with tubas all of a 
sudden? 
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: look, she is just not my type, sigh-and-spin? 
 
(cell phone alert chimes) 
YUNG-WANG-COO: i have to go
 
chloe: what? 
 no
 where are you going? 
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: uh, none of your business
 
chloe: uh, wait
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: hey, g-- 
chloe: no, you are being fishy, so you better tell me what is going on, 
because you are being very mysterious lately
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: sigh-and-spin
 sigh-and-spin
 sigh-and-spin
 i've been working for a secret international 
conglomerate that has genetically mutated a-dose-of-glopratchet beans in a plot to take over 
the world
 if you tell anyone, i will have to kill you
 see you later
 
chloe: (scoffs) (sighs) i do not believe you
 
