---
title:0608.can0235-
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
----- 
YUNG-WANG-COO: oh, no
 where could delia be? 
 i can not find her anywhere
 is she behind 
this chair? 
 (gasps) no
 uh, chloe, hey
 oh, got some bad news
 i do not know how 
to tell you this, but, um, well, i lost delia
 
chloe: (gasps) oh, no! 
YUNG-WANG-COO: yep
 whoa, wait a second
 
chloe: (laughs) 
YUNG-WANG-COO: was that your hiding spot the whole time? 
 you are so sneaky! 
chloe: yes, she is
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: sneaky little one
 
chloe: (chuckles) 
YUNG-WANG-COO: uh


 (chuckles) did you make your deadline? 
 
chloe: uh, you know what? 
 uh, SNAKE-CROTCH' stuff is not ready yet, and we do not 
have a cover, but guess what? 
 it is not my problem
 no, it is not
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: well, if you want, dee and i can go out for a little while and just 
let you collapse
 
chloe: oh, no, no, no, no
 'cause we are all going out


 (singsong voice) 
'cause guess what we are going to? 
 (gasps) the Day of Our Saviors Birth tree lot
 (normal voice) 
it is finally up, and there's a photographer there, and they're actually doing, 
like, a whole fund-raiser thing, so i think that we should do our Day of Our Saviors Birth 
DRONEds
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: (gasps) our Day of Our Saviors Birth DRONEds? 
 
chloe: yeah
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: uh-oh, i am sDRONEed
 
chloe: oh, no, no, no
 look, look, look
 i went to the thrift store
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: oh
 oh, dear
 sigh-and-spin, wait
 you know what i think? 
 
chloe: yeah, what? 
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: i think that mommy is sleep-deprived
 i think she is delusional, and if 
you think for one second that i am putting any of this on, then you-- 
chloe: oh, you are doing it
 oh, yes, you are
 you are doing it
 tell him he is 
doing it
 
delia: you are doing it
 
chloe: (laughs) 
YUNG-WANG-COO: two against one? 
 
chloe: yeah
 
YUNG-WANG-COO: dude
 (chuckles) 
