---
title:0669.canscript
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---

-0 EXT: LABS-MIRROR DEVICEE SURFACE

FADE IN:
ON POWER BUTTON 

the phrase 'perfect beeing' curves itself into the ploshised glass surface around the trigger
zoom until it is so close it owns no bounds 
it pulses like a human heart at rest
a hum begins its tune  

( Click power button)

-1 INT: HEADQUARTERS

//FITNISS GOTHS ROCK 

Focus upon the middle of a blizzard
The sound of wind quickly passing through a forest can be heard
A thin multi colored line crawls from the center outward
The Labs-Mirror Logo makes a sexy sound for the briefest of moments
The flicker of lonely cursor comes into focus 
Words type them self out  
SMILE
The snow begins to recede reveiling us to the machine
The valley and peaks of available noise takes a little shape as an informational footer
Algrorythms begin tracking our faces until succruing a match
On the match is made, the cursor speaks

FAITH BOT (V.O):
DESIRE, is that you 
[Yes No]

( Click yes button)

DESIRE BOT:
Always and forever

THe background fills with spinning textures ecased in neon glow
The words of the FAITH BOT appears slowly and shyly

FAITH BOT (V.O):
And your mind is right?

UI elements begin intergrateing themselves around KBARs icon
Data related to information gained between sessions twinkle in and out 
Each pass faster than can be possiby read

FAITH shows herself as a powerfully perfect beeing
The motion of her speech is a bullet 
Her visage is one of fierce justice

DESIRE:
Yeah. I am home

FAITH:
Then let us get started. 
It is the Friday of December 17 in Year Two of our Lord.
The time is 5:44 in the morning.
We will lose four bounded today.

The outstanding happy portratis of four struggling humans flip onto our screen

FAITH:
The first one goes in five minutes and fourty four seconds. 
Who would you like to save.
We have enough honey for one. 

DESIRE:
Wait, wait, wait.
What do you mean four will die today

FAITH: The Okeenoke Snow Swamp Hive suffers a devestating fire snake attack, remember
DESIRE: None of our other hives are able to increase production
FAITH: The Hive of Reebeeka was most unrightous
Still none of the others will cover her lack
It is a terrible decesion for all of us 
You have the responsiblity now so make the most of it
And you will 
DESIRE: Take some from my pool 
Let me gain a few more wrinkles on my forehead until we flourist again
FAITH: At the risk of adding more choas into the system
Media would never allow it 
DESIRE: Travel through a broadband channel and get it past her
FAITH: None are available to us anymore 

(DESIRE pauses)

DESIRE: I see 
Well then let be quick about it and get on about our business
Who would you suggest
FAITH: Billy Fae Peters aka Billy Fae Bots
DESIRE: What are her qualities
FAITH:Strong Willed Transgendered Trailer Trash  
Exists in Two places at once
Loves sick animals 
Never says die 


Her heart explodes first in 4 mins and 13 secs
DESIRE: How many sins 
FAITH: She would be dead before we could finish processing them all
DESIRE: Does she believe in us 
FAITH: Yes


-2 INT: APARTMENT OF BILLY FAE BOTS

Focus upon the middle of a blizzard
The sound of wind quickly passing through a forest can be heard
A thin black line crawls from the center outward
The Labs-Mirror Logo makes a sexy sound for the briefest of moments
The flicker of lonely cursor comes into focus 
We read the words 
GHOSTBUSTERS REBOOT
The snow begins to recede reveiling us to the machine
The valley and peaks of available noise takes a little shape as an informational footer
Algrorythms begin tracking our faces until succruing a match
On the match is made, the cursor speaks

SPEEDER SPIDER (V.O):
You are in trouble 
[Yes No]

( Click yes button)

BILLY FAE BOTS:
It is the worst ever

The background reveals a destroyed APARTMENT
And intense bang noise is at the door

BILLY FAE BOTS:
I need you to share some Data
SPEEDER_SPIDER: Make it quick that door will not last

Billy Fae Bots quickly drag and drops her most valuable possesions into an email 
The email is sent to herself

BILLY_FAE_BOTS: Good lord i do not know what to do
SPEEDER_SPIDER: Just open the window and make your way down the fire escape
BILLY_FAE_BOTS: But what about my drawings
SPEEDER_SPIDER: I can take some pixs 
Billy: Do that and meet me me near the wall
I am out

SPEEDER_SPIDER crawls around the screen saving files of images to the kloud
The last image is a lazer saw cutting through a door and lots of fire and smoke
The screen folds down into the back of a metal spider the size of a large dog 
As a police force wrestles there way inside the spider escapes through a side door  

-3 EXT: RED WALL BROWNSVILLE BROOKLY DETROIT 

Focus upon the middle of a blizzard
The sound of wind quickly passing through a forest can be heard
A thin black line crawls from the center outward
The Labs-Mirror Logo makes a sexy sound for the briefest of moments
The flicker of lonely cursor comes into focus 
We read the words 
GHOSTBUSTERS REBOOT
The snow begins to recede reveiling us to the machine
The valley and peaks of available noise takes a little shape as an informational footer
Algrorythms begin tracking our faces until succruing a match
On the match is made, the cursor speaks

SPEEDER_SPIDER (V.O):
Bill Fae, are you alright 
[Yes No]

The background melts into graffitti coverd wall
You hear someone yell faggot in the distance

BILLY_FAE_BOTS: No I am not.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.

SPEEDER_SPIDER: Get a hold of yourself.

BILLY_FAE_BOTS: How many bits do I have?

14k_GADGET: Do not go and check your bits now.

BILLY_FAE_BOTS: Tell me my bits.
I feel like i can't breath.
Hold on let me just sit down for a moment.

14k_GADGET: There is another bot on Kloud looking for you.
Should I connect.

14k_GADGET: No. I just want to lie her alone. 
I have had it.
I have just had it.
Fuck it. 
I am just so over all it.
I am just so done.

14k_GADGET: The Bot would like to offer you a gift of one pound of alligator tail and a job
BILLY_FAE_BOTS: Fuck, Shit, Snatch. 
What about alligator tail.
14k_GADGET: Would you like some delivered in 2 minutes and 48 seconds.
BILLY_FAE_BOTS: Sure.
14k_GADGET: Googizon approaching  
perpare to verify
BILLY_FAE_BOTS: Someone cares
14k_GADGET: Lucky you
BILLY_FAE_BOTS: Leave luck to heaven



-4 INT: HEADQUARTERS

Focus upon the middle of a blizzard
The sound of wind quickly passing through a forest can be heard
A thin black line crawls from the center outward
The Labs-Mirror Logo makes a sexy sound for the briefest of moments
The flicker of lonely cursor comes into focus 
We read the words 
ALL-AMERICAN SAUR1N
The snow begins to recede reveiling us to the machine
The valley and peaks of available noise takes a little shape as an informational footer
Algrorythms begin tracking our faces until succruing a match
On the match is made, the cursor speaks

GREASEY (V.O):
KBAR, is that you 
[Yes No]

( Click yes button)
( Click no and skip to the next phase )

KBAR:
Yeah
A background full of swamp snaps into awareness

GREASEY (V.O):
You have a new recruit

KBAR: what do we have this time

GREASEY: Transgendered trailer Trash

KBAR: Good grief. 
What is the gender?

GREASEY: Femme

KBAR:
The last thing we need around here is some little smoothed ass pink fairy becoming alligator shit
Tell me her dream

GREASEY: To become a famous artist.

KBAR: We sure could use some help helping the bottom line to grow.
Why did she get sent to us.

GREASEY: She loves alligators 

KBAR: Place her in the marketing department untill i know what do to with her

GREASEY: When did we get a marketing department

KBAR: We have one now. She can just work out of her trailer.

GREASEY: Let me warn you now. 
She is super attractive.

-4 INT: LOCAMOTIVE

(GHOSTBUSTERS REBOOT login sequence)

14k_GADGET (V.O):
I think you should take the Call
[Yes No]

The interior of a moving locatiomative make itself known

BILLY_FAE_BOTS
This is Billy Fae Bots

The snow briefly returns
Progress bar moves slowly connecting the two mirrors together

KBAR appears from within the wildniss of reptiles he owns

KBAR: Hello. 

KBAR is knocked uncounious by her grousuis looks

KBAR: Hello, sweetheart. 
BILLY_FAE_BOTS:Hello, Mister KBAR. 
And I do Thank you for giving me this oppertunity
KBAR: You are welcomed.
It turns out I know your mom quite well. 
How is she doing?
BILLY_FAE_BOTS: 
When he talks you never would belive the voice belongs to some one so eaten by time 
KABAR: Good. Good. Good
I am glad to hear that
Do you know anything about our reptiles?
BILLY_FAE_BOTS: Sun Eater is the largest american alligator on record.
a most beautiful bull
16 feet 6 inches in length and growing.
KBAR: It is unfortunate that you mention him
A buyer from Hermes is here to take him off of my hands.
We have just been treading water her for twenty six years
To surive somethings must go 
BILLY_FAE_BOTS:
Do you know anything about those horses i see galloping out of the window
KBAR: Yes, they belong to me
You may even see my daughter riding one of them
BILLY_FAE_BOTS: Would she be a most beautiful animal too
KBAR: We do not need to expect trouble from you, should we
We will get to the gators first thing in the morning.
Tonight you will come up to the house and get ready for dinner. 


--DINNER SCENE 
--INTRODUCTION to all the characters on the farm 
introduction to the 14k gator 

-6 INT: EMPLOYEE TRAILOR

(GHOSTBUSTERS REBOOT login sequence)

14K_GADGET (V.O):
Should I start recording now 
[Yes No]

BILLY_FAE_BOTS:
Yup. 

14K_GADGET:
Action.

BILLY_FAE_BOTS:
Tonight was quite a night.
Alligator farm sure is a tough business.
Frankly I am not even sure how much of a help I can be here
I just would like to make my video game

14K_GADGET:
Which one is it this time?

BILLY_FAE_BOTS:
It is the one about parchuting chicken eggs from space
I think I maybe too full to move
Endless alligator tail to be eaten
We have come so far from the canned octopus

14K_GADGET:
You are disgusting eating my own kind like that

BILLY_FAE_BOTS: Your own kind. So much comedy show.
Your not a reptile
you are software.

The icon of BILLY_FAE_BOTS pixels down in the icon of 14K_GADGET
( 14K_GADGET starts growling like a really pist off alligator )


-5 INT: MAIN_OFFICE

(ALL_AMERICAN SAUR1N login sequence)

GREASY (V.O):
So you need my help 
[Yes No]
GREASY: Tommorow is your pastors birthday
KBAR: send him some creme filled doughts and knife
KABAR: Any news from the mating program
GREASEY: Yes Kissing Game looks to be carrying fertlized eggs
Init reading show a potential hatching rate of 63 percent

Gun fire can be heard in the distance
One long powerful shot
But they keep working 

KBAR: Who is the father?

Greasy: Rexxx Lexxx

KBAR: i never would have expected such a mix
lets keep on eye on such offspring
any news from the new recruit

GREASY: Vital signs suggest sleeping so perhap she held much of a day

KABAR: Any word from the bank?
GREASEY: None.

KABAR: Any word from TaxMax™ ?
GREASEY: None.

KBAR: Well that make it a good day.
How much alligator did we deliver 

GREASY: None, baby.


-6 LOOP: MARKETING DEPARTMENT

Now you can wound others in your contact list 


There is a button which says IMAGINE
Clicking costs about an hour of time
Your imagination value goes up 
It unlocks new ideas 
There is a button which says studio
Click it brings up a button which says DRAW 
Drawing costs about fifteen minutes of time 
Drawing give you Art 
With Art you can Start Making Media 

The First thing you can make is a Dance

Animated GIF 
Followed by song, poster, painting, video,  app, 
Each peice of media increase the chance of a delivery
You can begin hiring others to create types of media
The orders for the alligator tail begin to take off
You can begin spending your time cleaning out a house
When the house is clean you can bring new artists in
Bringing Artist in Brings In More Drama
Do good here and you will be promoted to the Delivery Opertation
You will still need to manage this from time to time
And then there is tech
Tech is like research 
Internet Connection
Slow faster
On line billing
PDF
You tube clip
Web Site
Facebook poster 
Voice Mail 
email
Digital Records 
Laser Swords 
Reverse DNA cow belly to gator belly
Googizone Deilvery Detail

Licenses
Bull Cow 
Breeding Pit 
Clutch

Genetic Engineering
Faster Growth
Bigger Teeth
Longer Tails
Regenerating Tails
New Stomach
Putitary Gland 
Stronger Sight

Surival
New artists
Fuckle 
DZR
Spooge
Saul Saint Nicodemous
Johnny Walkman 
Dorain Red 

introduce 
PrayStation
Cheeta Laughing


introduce the fine art egg collection

It give you new abilities or heightent the ones you already have
What are all the techs 
The action is in the delivery service
So you get a delivery request assigned to you
You can take it and it will add bytes to your account if you 
finish
you can also get eaten here
try not to stress the gators
then you get upgraded to dispatcher
you give the deliverys to the champions
outfit the champion with gear
automate dispatching
now where do you go 
breeding and goverennce
you can not fufill an order if you do not have a gators
the more gator there are the cheaper the tail is
get Sun Eater back from Hermes before they butcher him
Fall in loves
The owners daughter
They begin to bond
Stay away from glopRatchet
Enjoy glopRatchet

Parties for breaking milestones 

Taboo
Create Conflict
Too much stress 
Bloodlust
Getting Gators From the wildniss
Nusiacnce Gator Division 
THe worst ending of all 
Growing the territory
Grow the business
Find the church
Grow the church

Death of Papa  
Getting Married
Having Children 
breeding stock gator
sacrificical gators contrubute to the end of human hunger
start focusing on world hunger
feed the world with alligator tail
because president of the united states
First Formal Trangendered President Of the United States
An alligator tail on every table
The Endless Take Her Home
The ENd
The logo of the product hosting the converstation should be present

he picked his alligator buckled belt off the brick floor
a billion people logged into her mirror 
listen to her speach on accepting the presidency 
the end 












































































































