---
title: 0790.plttitle
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
the story of chill : 000

-weekday morning of chill : red, 30 min

the first sounds of the day are 
grunts from the first Tai Chi class of the morning : [own tv][love exercise]
chirping of birds

you programmed the show to wake you up before work : [own tv]

the background scenery behind the healthy folks changes based on the season : [own tv]

today they breathe deeply in front of ( tai chi background scenery:season) : [own tv]
 
besides being a master body arts : [own tv] [own movie lore]
the instructor is easliy recognizable from his many Hollywood roles : [own tv] [own movie lore]

the people reach for their feet on the greatest treasure you own : [own tv]
a large screen : [own big screen] 
a small screen : [own small screen] 
a large screen and small screen : [own big screen] [own small screen] 
television hanging on the wall : [own tv] 
right next to a print of the Mona Lisa : [own mona lisa] 

your best freind greasy told you own that : [greasy best friend] , [own mona lisa] 
Di Vinci must have been a terrible drunk : [own mona lisa] 
since he cut off his ear :  [own mona lisa]
a jerk told you once : [greasy worst friend] , [own mona lisa] 

~waking : overachiever, early rising, alligator champion, lost weekend

-overachiever : yellow, 10 min , own joy, many freinds
:[grant focus]

the eyes open due to thoughts about the task of the day 

~morning : hardy breakfast, love note 

-love note : pink, 8 min, own lover
:[add love]

The note feels you full of love 

-early rising : purple, 1 min
:[grant wisdom]

you get out of bed early enough not to be late for work

-alligator champion : blue, 44 min
:[grant strength]

It is time to become the champion of the people

-lost weekend : gray, 3 hrs
:[lost child][add witch]

Time to get up and forget a weekend doing dumb stuff for self-esteem
now you find yourself a divorced father of two : [witch] 
now it was past a year since winning the custody of you child during a disaterous legal proceding  
fortunately you had always been good to your child 
and the transition to single parent felt easy
untill the kidnapping :  [lost child]

~managing : face joy, look around 

-face joy : yellow, 3 min
despite the fact that you got no useful skills
you have managed to stay afloat for awhile now.

Working at the gator farm is a fine job 
You learned one of the most valuable trades and worked with honest people 

maybe the disease has also been on the rise in swamps will not claim your job. 

Still in the event that happens 
you always have been able to cobbled together some contract work 
you can do online : [code skill]

Maybe it is to time to pick up some security work on the weekends in case you lose this position 
you need to get dress for today
:[add gator sickniss] [remove skills][add floating money]

-look around: red, 1 min

This is a meager existance and there is trailer park in your future 
if things do not start turning around soon

you do not need any more adverse effects on your relationships





As an eleven year old computer genius in a yellow rain coat 
browsed threw online irrelevant asides and personal anecdotes
when suddenly a particular instance caught his attention with the words
"Blood Sucking Bundead Existing in the Bay of Dylant." 

plt 00 : Looking closer.
The entire article consisted of scrambled words and definitions, 
with the exception of the last line.
A bunch of worlds are circled.
However, what interests the young man the most is the bolded word.
"SURFACE", he whispered. It had to be the password.

plt 00 00 : Benefiting from cracking code
Alert system went FAILURE, 
BRAVO, 
although it was cute while it lasted. 
Simon thought the left over bits would make fine minion material.


plt 00 00 : Cracking Code Poorly


plt 00 01 : plt 00 



plt 00 : Giving up.
The scrambled letters remain scrambled, however. 
HI triees every combination of words imaginable. 
"Faced", "Vampire", "Molester", "Faithing", nothing works.
Simo  gave up and tried to sleep. 
"Maybe you'll think of something tomorrow...," Simon hoped.
As his eyes closed, a deafening crash came from the kitchen. 
Simon shrieked, and found  himself instinctively out of bed and shrinking in his chair. 
After a few seconds, another crash hit, and sounded closer than the last one...

