---
title: 0817.story-of-chilltitle
description: A reference page in my new Starlight docs site.
---
the story of chill : 000
-weekday morning of chill : red, 30 min

the first sounds of the day are 
grunts from the first Tai Chi class of the morning : [own tv][love exercise]
chirping of birds

//SO yeah the general idea here 
//so sad 
//now you are too high
//you could have split it in half 
//well going to bed soon
but i want to swim



you programmed the show to wake you up before work : [own tv]

the background scenery behind the healthy folks changes based on the season : [own tv]

today they breathe deeply in front of ( tai chi background scenery:season) : [own tv]
 
besides being a master body arts : [own tv] [own movie lore]
the instructor is easliy recognizable from his many Hollywood roles : [own tv] [own movie lore]

the people reach for their feet on the greatest treasure you own : [own tv]
a large screen : [own big screen] 
a small screen : [own small screen] 
a large screen and small screen : [own big screen] [own small screen] 
television hanging on the wall : [own tv] 
right next to a print of the Mona Lisa : [own mona lisa] 

your best freind greasy told you own that : [greasy best friend] , [own mona lisa] 
Di Vinci must have been a terrible drunk : [own mona lisa] 
since he cut off his ear :  [own mona lisa]
a jerk told you once : [greasy worst friend] , [own mona lisa] 


~waking : overachiever, early rising, alligator champion, lost weekend

-overachiever : yellow, 10 min , own joy, many freinds
:[grant focus]

the eyes open due to thoughts about the task of the day 

~morning : hardy breakfast, love note 

-love note : pink, 8 min, own lover
:[add love]

The note feels you full of love 

-early rising : purple, 1 min
:[grant wisdom]

you get out of bed early enough not to be late for work

-alligator champion : blue, 44 min
:[grant strength]

It is time to become the champion of the people

-lost weekend : gray, 3 hrs
:[lost child][add witch]

Time to get up and forget a weekend doing dumb stuff for self-esteem
now you find yourself a divorced father of two : [witch] 
now it was past a year since winning the custody of you child during a disaterous legal proceding  
fortunately you had always been good to your child 
and the transition to single parent felt easy
untill the kidnapping :  [lost child]

~managing : face joy, look around 

-face joy : yellow, 3 min
despite the fact that you got no useful skills
you have managed to stay afloat for awhile now.

Working at the gator farm is a fine job 
You learned one of the most valuable trades and worked with honest people 

maybe the disease has also been on the rise in swamps will not claim your job. 

Still in the event that happens 
you always have been able to cobbled together some contract work 
you can do online : [code skill]

Maybe it is to time to pick up some security work on the weekends in case you lose this position 
you need to get dress for today
:[add gator sickniss] [remove skills][add floating money]

-look around: red, 1 min

This is a meager existance and there is trailer park in your future 
if things do not start turning around soon

you do not need any more adverse effects on your relationships



~dialog
DORIAN : Stop staring a me with your bug eyes.
JENET : I can not figure out why you are wasting so much precious time.
JENET : There are different directions to take.
JENET : Why not walk back and forth for a change instead of pacing in endless circles.
JENET : The repetitous movement makes me think of bees and bees make me mad.
DORIAN : You are not me.
DORIAN: You do not undestand what is happening.
DORAIN: These expierences are mine only.
JENET : Your rich privalage has you smacked.
JENET : Do you really belive this helps your loved one.
DORIAN : Pop that agent.
JENET : I'm not sure why she not falling for your charm.
DORIAN : Quiet. You do not have care.
JENET : I do not need to see Kissing get hurt.
JENET : You remember our past?
JENET : As soon as I heard Blangus was going after her, I gave you a holler.
DORIAN : Sure you did. When I could do nothing about it.
DORIAN : When did you realize it was not me he wanted?
DORAIN: How long did it take for you to understand he lusted after Kissing instead?
JENET : I have no idea.
DORIAN : Lie, lie, lie! You know it. I know it.
DORIAN : Blangus never hid his intentions from you
DORAIN : The plans of that twisted pervert where known from the beginning. 
DORAIN : You conveintly stayed silent until the rubber dropped.

